 All right. And then talking about going down the list. All right. Oops. Okay. Okay. So the build. We're looking for kind of a C shape on this build. Kind of like I could draw. Or backward C, I guess. Uh, Uh, all along here. And the 15 is unique because the, the center of the 15 is really between point and inside center. And for this block, outside center and tail are playing kind of a wing, a wing roll. Um, so the other thing that I think is really important about the build is we look for trying to see. Um, The head of each person is like behind or either behind. Sorry. So the head is either right behind this knee or kind of this side of the knee, but I never want my head to be over in here or over on this side of the knee. See how like these heads are all lined up straight behind the knee or this one is even even more that side that's fine. Um, but I want my head to be either straight behind or just just on the inside of that knee. That makes it, that makes the shape nice. It makes it easier for the to get both of those grips. So also to make this see happen. Notice how like the, the, the outside center and the tail or parallel and their knees are kind of lined up with heads there. So we've got these two guys lined up and then, and then this kind of cheat from inside center and, and, and point. So that's the build. The key is going to come from the inside center. They're going to feel the tail and see what these grips are have happened up here. Sometimes it's hard for the inside center to see this outside grip points outside grip on on outside center. That's the case. I'm going to see the point looking back at me. And that's how I know as inside center that it's time to be. Yep. All right. So then as we go. We have a big key and there's another place where a nice big key from the inside center gives everybody good information. As we're turning. The, the everybody is turning right except for inside center is going to turn left. Yeah. And the picture we're looking at here is later it's it's at this point right here. I'm looking for as we've, as the point and the inside center of each down to 270. There's kind of a side body picture like the point could take a side body on the inside center. And he's going to kind of wait and see that. And then now the two of us. So just like we talked about the on the build. It's very much about the inside center and the point setting up together and setting up that angle. And then the, correctly there the center, the clothes again to they're very much looking at each other and seeing. Seeing that that angle set up again at the clothes and then once that's happened, then the point can look out for the outside center and the tail can pick up those grips. So the clothes to we're looking for a sea again. It could be a little bit of a tighter sea. If we're, if we're thinking more advanced. And then the key on the clothes is going to be again the inside center. Yeah. So we don't take extra levels on this block, but we do sometimes talk about levels on the on the build and how we're relative to each other. So we think about it kind of building with the tail low. And the outside center high and you can see that in this picture here. See how much higher Steve is from from from Doug the outside center here in green to the point it kind of all goes. Goes stepping down and that's so that nobody's reaching down for the leg grips. So how much levels do I get. I give just enough to place. If I'm if I'm outside center I'm placing my legs at the eye level of the point point I'm placing my legs at eye level of inside center. So that's for the level. Alright, so some some specific things to emphasize on. Alright, sorry, we'll talk about the each what each person is thinking. So again, for for point and and inside center. I'm really focusing on the center first and building this before I worry about the grips on the outside. I'm responsible for setting this up. And so for inside center. It's about putting my head in the right place for point. It's about placing my knee in the right place for the inside center and not letting the outside center. I'm just going to set up a good center by placing my knee in the right spot for the inside center. If I'm the outside center. I'm looking I'm looking a lot here at the inside center and making sure that there is a. There is a point size space between my knee and the inside centers arm. You see that. And that's usually a lot further than we think. Because there's a lot of times that usually the outside center is in the center and closer to the outside center or to the inside center. So they really need a lot of times. I usually have to step out way further than they think. This is a great one to creep or spend a lot of times on the creeper for the outside center to really see that picture and see how far they need to put their knee so that there is a point length between their knee and the inside centers arm. For the tail. I'm referencing across quite a bit and setting myself up on this line. And again, just not not not affecting the inside center at all trying to again let let this center build and be the be a good wing. In the turn. So one thing that especially for these two guys that are both gripping and being gripped. I might if I am allowing myself to get really twisted or if I'm off balance. Take a big beat to get yourself in a nice square position, especially the point but really both point inside center before I turn. If I start turning with a twisted spine. It's really tricky to get a good center point turn. So take a moment get a good straight spine and then and then think about my turn. So for point. I'm nice. So you see how he's he's now he's got a nice straight spine. He's ready to turn. He's turning and then he's stopping and seeing this picture before he finishes the turn. Same with inside center. I'm thinking about I'm king and turning to my left with a nice straight spine and then just thinking about a nice center point turn and referencing with the with the point to finish for the tail. I'm thinking about letting the inside centers head go through first and my knees are going to go after the head. So I'm cogging with that and that's going to allow that's going to put these legs kind of ahead of my head at the close so that as it comes around it finishes. It finishes right in front of me as I'm done with my turn. So I'm going to do a one eighties and now he's going to stop and he's going to look. So so that's it center right here is going to stay in this position and he's going to watch he's really watching watching watching watching watching watching and he's waiting to see that the center between point and outside and inside center is going to be going to be going to do a one eighties. Inside center is going to be complete before he completes his turn and commits to putting his his legs in the points hand again seeing his knee exactly one one point away from the from the inside center. The same question, which I go forward to where everybody's taking the outside gripper on the on the inside leg and the inside gripper on the outside leg. Okay. Any questions. Yeah. Okay, so. No, the first one 15 is the head knee placement on the person who owns the head or the knee, I would say it's both well, okay, so it's both for the for the point and the inside center it's both and for the for the wings for the outside center it's mostly the outside center putting their knee in the correct place for the point. For the tail it's mostly the tail putting their head in the correct place to pick up the inside center if i'm so if i'm the center of the of the piece the pointer the inside center i'm we're both. Thinking about that placement between us that connection between us, but i'm unconcerned with the wings the wings are. It's totally responsible for them being in the correct place before they present grips or pick up grips. Yeah, yeah, by wings in this case, I mean outside center and tail yeah. Is it fair to say this block build has a lot in common with the standard L. Yes, it is very similar to the standard L, the one thing that that can be tricky about it, though, is that it's it's not a side body between the point and the inside center so if we if we you know that picture between the center is probably the most crucial thing on this block and by center, I mean point and inside center and so that's very different than the standard L, and in fact, if we build a 15 with the. With the with the with like a side body is picture between the inside center and point it would be it would get kind of very jackknifed and be difficult to hold on to. Um. All right, it's hard not to back up on the build yes it is it really is and where that often comes from is that is is if the point starts looking out at the outside center or the outside center is too close and not seeing that full point distance. Drawing point forward and that can cause it to back up so when it when it is backing up, I would emphasize point stay looking at inside center and do not let it's all about the points relationship with inside center and do not let the outside center. So if they're getting between your relationship with with the with the inside center so if there is a you know jamming up your space like one let's get on the free prison fix it, but to I would just not even touch it and own that space step forward keep things step forward. Another thing that causes back up is if we have too much levels and we're starting to kind of reach up too much that can kind of put us in a body pitch as well and I've seen that back it up as well. Just we do want some levels, but it shouldn't be so extreme that we're all pitched up and backing up. Okay, is there an alternate build for this block. Not really not anything that we've ever used I have seen some teams put the outside center on the back. That's very that's not I don't think that's a thing I would recommend doing for everybody sometimes it's just for it's just better for that team, but I think I think this is this is really the way to do it. Yeah, we've had trouble on the clothes where it tends to want to open up and straighten out you have any specific advice for that. Yeah, I think that's again about looking and focusing on the build not going to the grips or or trying to make the clothes happen just just make that build happen and everybody's going to be responsible for being in their spot and no further. Yeah. I see in point tend to close on a straight line for us what should both be thinking to the prevent this similar to that that says the same is the last question so. Yeah, so I think just really focusing on the the clothes. That closing picture another thing that can make it straight now is if we don't turn on center, you know, so if if we start we start in this picture. But the ice the inside center goes too much to their left or the point goes too much out that it can that it can end up on center so that's another thing you could look at is making sure everybody's turning turning in place. Yeah. So it says back up on the bill do you mean one particular slot or the whole formation usually it's happening in in the front it's usually happening the points kind of backing up or the outside center of backs up in the build is a kind of feed those legs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.