 So this is block 18. We're going to watch it first. Okay. All right. And I will talk about. There's two techniques that we teach here. This one is with the verticals and there's also one on on level. That's quite different. So I'll talk about that totally separately. So, okay. So for block 18, the constraint. So we've got. We've got IC and and OC are together in a compressed. And they basically have to come back together into this compressed. So the constraint is about how close can we keep them and how quickly can we get them back rotating rotating to each other. Yeah. All right. So for the list. The build. We're thinking about the build. We're building a nice deep compressed between inside center and outside center. Here, look how nice and parallel they are. But they're not super close. They're leaving some nice room in between them so that point and tail can see. Point and tail are thinking about building close with their with their partner. So in particular, check out. Down here how the the elbows are bent. And there's we're trying to make a small, a small space here. And the heads are inside. Of the of the center's heads. So that's the build. And these are also kind of setting up in a stair step picture with the opposite center so that we're all nice and parallel. So we talk about the pictures here. We'll imagine these lines that I have drawn here. So align straight through the. Through kind of the spine of the of the front piece and a straight through the spine of the back piece. And then imagine a perpendicular line from the center of outside center to the center of of inside center. Yeah. On the first move, the center point of the center point of this piece here. And the center point of this piece here is going to travel down this line kind of on this rail. Two rails. We're going to travel it right down that line right on to where the where the center of of both of the centers work. Yeah. And at that point, we should see a body over body cross. So you can see the center points of these pieces traveling down that line, traveling down that line. Look how nice and tight it is within the within the pieces. And we have a body over body cross right there at that at that 90 degrees, you know, so the outside center and and inside center are kind of staring each other down straight on this line. Yep. At this point, so they're going to stop just the other side of that line. And now we have another photon picture here right as they stop and see that. So now we're aiming for it to close kind of 90 degrees off of where it started. So the inside center would end up here and the outside center is going to end up here. So similarly, I'm thinking about going kind of through my piece partner and going to this spot here. 90 degrees off of where we started. Yeah, and check out the center point of the pieces is just traveled kind of down this line and down this line. For levels. So tradition, traditionally, we've got the out front piece going up and the back piece going down similar themes. So that we want to show you it on on level here, but we want the. We want the pieces to be on level within the pieces. So as we go. So the front piece is given a little bit, but check out how flat it is within the front piece and how flat it is within the back piece, you know, as soon as we get levels like this in a piece, it's going to start moving us. So that's the direction that we don't necessarily want to go. So so nice and flat within the pieces. And then here from the second from the second. From from that first picture to the close, we're fixing levels the whole way. And catching catching as as we fix levels. Notice how small the levels are to that helps us catch if we have huge levels, then it really makes it a lot harder to. And that's the way we get on the close. It should be scary. All right, so what is each slot thinking. Alright, so I can talk about the, it's pretty similar for the wings and for the centers. There's a little bit of difference with the levels, but I'll talk about each one. The wings first and then the centers. So the wings. I'm thinking about the build. This is a good idea, but the 18 especially is really important that we let it build first before we start picking up grips. So I'm going to focus on setting up a good build and then I'm going to pick up grips and notice I'm taking this out. They're taking the outside grip first and then they're both taking this. This grip here on the opposite center. Last and we're aiming for that to be at the same time so that they can pick that grip up and let it go again at the same time. Yeah. So here they are. I don't think I mentioned this. The key is coming from the top is coming from the point and tail picking the grip up letting it go at the same time and moving together at the same time. It's similar to the start of block six for the centers. All right, so point and tail are seeing each other. Thinking about it can start already building a little bit of levels. And then now in my first move. I'm thinking about going. Through my piece partner's shoulder realizing so we talked about taking that that center point of the piece down that line. So realize if I'm a wing the center point of the piece is between my hands. So I'm pushing this center point this way down this line. So my momentum is going kind of through the shoulder of the center. And my goal is to rotate so that I'm 90 degrees right at this halfway. Halfway line. Yeah. And again, that should sound familiar that idea of going through my piece partner. I'm not taking this grip over this way. The center point over this way because that's going to start pulling on the piece for all the reasons we just talked about we don't want that. So I'm going through my piece partner and you'll watch them watch their watch their body language. Look at the legs straight out here. He's going you can see him pushing through this shoulder here. And then the tail is also going through this shoulder there. So that they have a body over body cross here. Also before before I even go when I'm a wing. I'm seeing this halfway point and I'm committing to stopping just the other side. So rather than going and then stop and then thinking about where to stop and then I've gone too far. I'm looking and I'm realizing, okay, in my first move, I'm going to put if I'm the point. I'm going to put. I'm going through this partner here and stopping this knee right here. And I'm going through my partner this way and stopping this knee over here. Yeah. All right. So there we go through the partner. There's that body over body cross and then stopping there. Those knees come down. They're stopping right over there. Now in the second move for the wings, I can see this. You know, I've been aware of this line and I'm recognizing that's where the centers are trying to cross. So think about kind of letting letting them rotate and going around. So if I'm the point, I'm thinking about kind of letting the outside center come to here and taking this hand to catch the inside center's knee right here. Kind of right where the left armpit of the outside center is, you know, or if I'm if I'm the point, his, his right hand here is right where his left hand is about to meet the inside center. So you could see he's helping him around and then and then he's going to catch that catch right there on that spot. And it's the same for the tail, right. The tails seeing seeing where this catch is going to be and helping to place the inside center in the right spot and then picking up that group. Yeah. All right. For the centers in this first move. So we talked about we want the cross to happen right on this line. You know, and I'm also thinking about taking this center point and backing it up here. So it's a little bit of a backup, a backup and a rotation to bring the center point of the piece, which is right between my hands. Back to right where my center was and rotating so that I'm staring right at the other center on that line. So you can see a little bit of my body language here, a little bit of that pulling that back. And then once I get that that center point moving back, I'm rotating and staring. I'm looking we're looking at each other, the center is straight on this line here. This is something you can do on the on the creepers with just the two centers as well build that build that compressed visualize that line. And then you're center points and back up and place yourself right on that line 90 degrees. You can do that as a two way drill in the tunnel as well too. Stephen, I have done that a lot. All right. So the center once we're once we're here now. At this point, I see that the wings have made their moves and that that both I have an open. I have an opening and the opposite center has an opening and now we're agreeing to go at the same time and going at the same time. Again, just like we talked about before, I'm going at the same time as the other center. And that means we're initiating our move at the same time and then we're watching each other. And if they're going a little faster, I'm going to speed up a bit. If they're going a little slower, I'm going to slow down a little bit. We're coordinating this move at the same time. Notice so that I'm going, I'm not going at the other person. I'm going again, still going through my piece partner and rotating. It's a lot of rotation to the close again. It's almost like I'm stepping away from the, it feels like I'm stepping away a bit to make the to make that rotation happen. All right. So some keys to success for block 18. I mentioned it before, but having a really good build before we pick up grips. A lot of times if it starts to be reaching, I start to reach and now I have this. I have like tension in the piece. It also can make it want to float a bit if I've got my arms out and that doesn't feel good either. So have a really good build and be, be nice and, and arched and in a good position as I pick up the grips. Yeah. Timing is, is really important here too. The wings need to go at the same time and be symmetrical in their moves. And then the centers need to go at the same time and be symmetrical in their moves. So we can practice that in two a drills in the tunnel. We can practice that on the creepers taking out, you know, one of the persons that's going over in each move. And yeah. I think for everybody, again, just understanding where you're going and only going there, you know, that same idea of going through my partner, moving the center point of the piece in the, in the correct place. Another thing that can, that can make this block tricky is if we have levels within pieces, you know, so thinking about keeping the levels flat within within the piece. Yeah. Also when you debrief, if you look at, if you look at your block. And we don't see the pieces. So look at how, how. See how we've got bent elbows at all times here. That's telling me that, that we're not pulling away from each other. If we start to see straight arms. And that's usually a sign that, that within a piece, we're not agreeing on where we're, on where we're going. And it's, and it's pulling one way or another. All right. I want to show you block 18 call, which is quite different from block 18 vertical. I think it's, it's, it can be tricky because the, the vertical block 18 can be tricky because it requires. Everybody to go at the same time and, and that can be, that just takes time for a team to coordinate. And if you don't have a lot of time or if you'd rather spend that time getting better at the rest of the, the dive full, then a cog 18 is a, is a perfect way. The perfect thing to do. And it just saves you time, you know, teens ask me, when should they switch and just whenever you're ready to invest the time it's going to take in, and getting your 18 coordinated. All right. So here's called 18s. All right. So, so here we're looking for a series of T pictures. And what that means is, so if we, we've got the two pieces here. We look at the front piece and the center point of the front pieces right here on this dot, our first picture. We're going to make a T. Where the front piece is kind of the top of the T and the back pieces the bottom of the T and the, the kind of crux of that T, where the, where the two meet is happening right where that, where that center point is. Right there. So that's our first T. The next T is going to happen now with the, with the back piece is going to be the top of the T is kind of a, in this, in this, in this view, it's going to be an upside down T and the front piece is going to be the, the vertical part of the T. And it's going to happen right where in the center point of that piece is right there. So notice how these pieces are against spinning right around their center points. They're not moving at all. They're just, they're just placing, they're just making a series of T's here. Another T. This could be the back piece could be slide slid a little bit this way. So we'll be the T right here. So that's our third T. And then at this point, we've got a fourth T. And that fourth T's happening the, the tail can already take the inside grip of the outside center. And then we're just finishing folding the, the 18 back, back to where it was to begin with. Yeah. Okay. So this is done on level. And if I'm, if in the, in the different positions, what I'm thinking about and everybody has the same thought just the different times. So if I'm opening up from the person opening up here in this case is the outside center. I'm just thinking about just making enough room to make that T right. If I'm the person on the outside, in this case, the point kind of making, you know, making the T and then, and then next I'll be going in. I'm thinking about kind of pushing through my piece partner and just, just helping to guide that T. Yeah. On the second part. So if I'm on the outside now if we watch the outside center, if I'm on the outside, I'm thinking about putting pressure, pressure in keeping this piece small, not, not going around, but instead kind of waiting for the point to kind of make that T so that I can push, push through. You can see his, his momentum here is kind of through his partner. He's not trying to go to spin. We're not spinning around each other. We're kind of pushing, pushing through each other from on the outside. I'm kind of just guiding that guy in the inside out of my way so that I can kind of push through the other person to make to make the next T. The nice thing about this technique too is that at each T, we can fix any distances. So again, we're not just spinning independent of each other. We're all working to make all four T's and if all four T's happen that catch is going to be right there and then we close it. And it's great. So how deep do the centers build for the wings grip key? Yeah, so, sorry, I'm just having issues with my chat screen. Okay, so how deep do the centers build for the, yeah, so that's one of the reasons why we want the centers. In this nice deep compressed so that, so that this isn't reachie for the other wing. You know, so I'm thinking about stepping forward. So my head is even with the other centers knee and head is even with the other centers need. I think that's, is that answering your question. Let me know if not. Is the third method used by any top team these days. So I think you're probably referring to a method which has verticals where the centers go over first and then and then it rotates to the close. And no, there's not many teams doing it that way. We find that it's, it's tough to get that first vertical to happen. And so I find if I'm coaching teams at the point at which I either just have them call it if they're, if you know, that's kind of the easy way. And then if we're going to add, add verticals. Any time we add verticals to a block, it should be because it's going to make it faster or more guaranteed and that first move can be really tricky for a team to coordinate together at the same time because you're starting with centers and then getting them to hop over each other. So we find that the might as well just do this technique at that point and that's what everybody's doing. I haven't seen that technique at a competition in a long time. On the cog version. As I see, I find initiating initiating stalls, any tips to start it. So, so in this move, I think that's the first one. So, I think that's the first move here. So it can stall if it gets big here or if this person, if the tail starts to go around. I think, you know, kind of just like what I said for for tail on the start of block 11. I think just just embrace and let let it. So make that first move open up and then think about just just whatever you can get that get that right knee down and moving but but but also be aware of the condition of the piece and kind of let it let it happen a bit, you know, I think that sometimes it can feel stalling if we're if we're not moving together at the same time or if we're not trying to go to the same place. So I would just go a little bit easier on it is what I would I would suggest without seeing without seeing more detail about what's happening. A general question. How does a piece stay flat when it crosses the other piece? How do you fly through the verbal? Yeah, so this is a great question and the short answer is this is a skill that we have to learn in the tunnel through through solo drills. And we do a lot of that at our tunnel workshops. We we have entire modules that are focused on that are focused on doing doing verticals in different orientations and different, you know, different with different moves and things like that. But the idea is the same it's the same general move as whatever move you're doing if it's a forward a side slide or whatever and a little bit of up because as you go over. As you go over the the verbal there's a little bit less air so it's it's kind of you need you need a little more lift so as I go over and thinking about going a little bit a little bit up. Yeah. And we can practice that in the tunnel and so if if you're one drill that we do is like if we're going over each other, you know, and for for for this person that's going over if they keep falling, I have them think about going up as they go over. And if you can do this, then you can adjust that to do this, you know, so that you don't do that. Yeah. And then from there we could do we could practice that with the specific move that we're looking for so if it's block six we're going forward and rotating if it's block 18 I'm going kind of for it's also like a forward and rotation but we can set that up in the tunnel with with exactly those moves practicing practicing how to do that. When we do blocks with no grips in the tunnel will often debrief the levels there too, you know, if you're not able to if we're missing. We're not flying on level with each other without grips, then when we add the grips it will probably pulling and pushing on each other up and down wise and that can be different as well, so practicing that and learning. Yeah. Another tip for the back piece trying to stay down or even in the cog piece like this 18 it does want to float as we pick up grips we took our elbows and point our elbows down that gives us more fall rate and that can help us keep keep things fast.