 Block 13, both blocks one and 13 are new. And block 13 even more than, and even more so than block one is evolving a bit right now. And so what I'm showing you now is what's in the app. It's even maybe slightly different than what you might see us doing currently. But this is what we did at Nationals this year. And it can be super fast. And I coached this way a lot too. I think this is a fine way for teams to do it. But I'll talk a little bit about some of the nuances that we're playing with as well. But okay, so here we go with block 13. We're going to watch it first. All right, so if we think about the constraint in block 13, we've basically got the inside center and the outside center are in a compressed and they have to do a 360 and come back to do a compressed. So we've got the point in the tail kind of in the way they just got to get out of the way so we can get them back together. So the constraint is really about keeping the inside center and outside center as close as possible and allowing them to come back and rotate, rotate back to each other as close as quickly as possible. But yeah, that's it. So as far as the list goes, the build, so here we're going to build what you're seeing us do here is we're going to build it straight on a line straight from point to tail, kind of like the close of block 21. Yeah. Yeah, so notice we're building it nice and wide between the centers. And that's going to allow them to their knees to kind of clear each other in the beginning. And then I really like actually check out what Doug's doing down here. He's close and notice how his head is kind of this side of my center point. And so that makes it very clear that he's not taking a grip on me. He's only taking the arm there. Yeah. All right, so this is the build. The key is coming from the outside center and inside center together. And just like some of the blocks we were talking about last week, block six, I guess it's just block six. And the blocks that center inside center are key and they're moving together at the same time. So it's about coordinating the key and that initial move to be together at the same time. So here they go, they're going to key it. And then they're stepping out. And the first picture. So for the centers, I'm thinking about stepping a little bit forward and rotating and kind of placing my knees right here on this line that was right between the outside center and the inside center. So I'm going to step out and put my knees right on that line. Yep. At this point, again, watch Doug the tail down here. The wings are thinking about really maintaining that side body picture with their partners. And their center point, his center point was here. Notice how the center point is traveling down a line and going to kind of right over here. All right. Whoops. Sorry. Just a little faster than I went through to know. Okay. So from here, as they cross, they're going to cross body over body. And as they're doing that, notice how the side bodies are starting to open up. The wings are starting to rotate. And then as soon as the wings cross, there's a stair step picture right here. So this is, so just as you saw, this line that I had the tail traveling on and the point is done the same thing on the other side. But he's traveling his center point along a line through here and stopping in a side body picture with the point or sorry, in a stair step picture with the point and the centers are facing off in a stair step picture here. All right. At this point, the wings are anchoring where they are and the centers are going to rotate to the close. So the wings are leaving their hip really far over on this side. You know, so imagine we were going to a meeker next. They would really want their hip to stay to stay over there. Yep. And that's the close. The key on the closes is inside center and outside center together as well. All right. So what is each slot thinking about? So from point and tail. In the beginning, I'm thinking about this build looking at the opposite. So looking at the pointer, looking at the tail, straight down this line here. At this point, the wings can already see where they're going to end up at the end of the block, which for tail. As I'm looking for tail, it's right here and for point, it's right here. Yep. So point tailor are building this and think and already looking at, okay, I'm going to right there. That's it. Yeah. So as it opens up, they're putting a lot of pressure forward and staying in the side body picture and going straight down that line. And notice how long he's holding that head switch there. And then once he's he stopped in that in that stair step picture, he's stopping and looking at stair step picture, digging in that left knee, digging in the left knee here. And just allowing enough just enough room for the centers to rotate into the center there. For the centers. I'm thinking about building in here a little bit wide so that it gives me room. And then I'm stepping forward and rotating and putting my knees right on this line. Looking over, you can see it's both looking over that shoulder. You can see him thinking about where he's putting where he's placing his knees. And then once that's happened, I'm thinking about squeezing, squeezing back in with my piece partner. So stopping with this inside knee, squeezing back in and I'm head switching and rotating and looking for that stair step picture right here. And now at this point, for the centers, I'm thinking about rotating to the close rather than translating to the close. That's something we talked about on Tuesday as well. Anytime I can rotate to the close of a block, it's way easier to get out of than if I'm train, if I have a ton of translational momentum that I've got to deal with. So at this point, rather than going at each other and trying to go, trying to pick up this grip, I'm thinking about rotating and finishing kind of 90 to where we are in this stair step picture here. And I'm thinking about placing my knee in the other center's hand on that line and giving that rotation to the close. As far as levels, we can look at levels. It's very similar to very traditional with levels. Front piece is going up a little bit and the back piece is going down a little bit. But we're not taking much levels at all here. And then we're thinking about being back on level by the time we close. So some of the, as I said, I'd mentioned the variation. So if you watch us doing it now, we're building it a little more instead of straight on this line. We're building it a little more through here. And then that first move, the centers are actually going outside center's legs just a little bit over inside center's legs. But still a lot of the thoughts are the same. We're stepping forward and rotating and thinking about just staying as close as we can and then rotating to the close. All right. Question. Oh, so keys to success for block 13. This one. So on all the blocks, timing is important. But especially when you've got two pieces that are symmetrical and are doing a move where we're cutting off angle, being having timing the same and the pieces looking symmetrical is really important. So that's where we often, that's where there's some keys to success there. So how do we make the timing the same? That comes from first the centers, king and making their first move the same. So looking over that shoulder as I go, I'm king with my opposite center and stepping out and making my first move symmetrical with the other center. So that means if he's going a little slower than me, I'll slow down. Or if I'm going a little bit quicker than, or I'm going a little bit slower than him, he'll speed up. But we're working together to make that happen. Yeah. For the point and tail, just like we talked about on block six, it's agreeing and making the move together at the same time so that we cross the center at the same time and we're making our move symmetrical at the same time. Yeah, and the other thing that that that will help this piece is everybody thinking about making it smaller. So when we do refit, do we think, am I going too far? Could I, do I need to go as far as I'm going? Could I go any smaller than I'm going? And basically the centers are giving just enough room for the wings to cross, not anymore, and then squeezing back on each other. And the wings, you're crossing and stopping only short enough that the center has enough room to get back in. All right. Yeah, one more thing about the level. So when in that variation where the outside center's legs are going just over the inside center, we're building a little bit of levels in the build so that makes it a little bit easier as well. All right, questions on block 13. I see. Set up and close, feel awkward, advice. So I think I would just first look at the picture and see, you know, is the compressed and nice comfortable compress. If you are building levels, that's great, but it shouldn't be at the point where it's like uncomfortable and hard to get that grip. It should be only kind of just above my head is enough is enough room that can make it uncomfortable. The clothes as well, I think I find if we're rotating to the clothes, it's a lot easier to deal with than if we've got, if we've got translational momentum to the clothes that could definitely be something I would look at Sean. Sally says, I see the grip is the wrist. Some have coached shoulder comments. Yeah, we've tried both. We find that the wrist is a little bit more pliable because the whole piece kind of bends and we kind of like that better, but honestly, I feel like that's not you could do it great either way. Yeah, we just prefer the wrist. Or I've heard double grip too. I don't know, like I feel like double grip gets is not you're not able to kind of bend the piece as much there. So yeah, how do you keep the clothes from getting too aggressive for the centers on the similar on the 21 clothes? So yeah, so here's where if we can have the clothes be more rotation, it's way easier to deal with. Other things, so if we get too much distance, then we have to have translation back so that can be one issue. Another thing is if we have a lot of levels late, so fixing being on level and being close and just having rotation makes the clothes you can handle a lot when it's like that. It makes it have almost no, nothing that's hard to deal with when we're doing that. Yeah. Any good drills for centers to have a symmetrical first move? Yes, Steven, I have spent probably hours, maybe at least an hour doing just this drill together, just the two of us in the tunnel with a pull-up cord. So we put a pull-up cord in the center and you can visualize those lines. We've even actually made lines out of pull-up cords in the tunnel, but you could visualize it just saying, okay, the line that we're building on is from the driver to the blue wall or whatever. And we get in and just practice going from like say an M, build that compressed step out, see that first picture. And you could do the whole move or you could just do that. Just M, compressed first picture. M, compressed first picture. And again, now you're measuring yourself on how symmetrical and together is that first move. So are we moving together at the same time? Are we making the same picture? Are we making the distances the same? And just focus on that first picture. So many blocks, like if we have a good build in a first picture, you're probably going to have a great block. So we spend a lot of time focusing on the build in the first picture. Does point need to anchor I see with their grip at the beginning of the enter? Does point need to anchor I see with the grip? I think you might mean OC, because point's not gripped on I see here. But the answer is no, this is this is this is very easy. We want we want we let this grip be very very pliable. Really when when I'm in the center, I really just want to get out of the way and spin and come back together with my other centers quickly as possible and get this guy that's on my hand just get him out of the way as quickly as possible. We don't have a ton of pushing and pulling in this block. Yeah. All right, how critical is the perfect side buddy position at the top for the block? How are the centers confirming that point and tail are in the correct position at the top of the block? Okay, so as I mentioned right now, we're not actually like the centers or the wings are still building here, but we're actually having the centers more in a picture through there. So they're not in a side body. I would say the thing that's important is that the centers are symmetrical and on this line, you know. So if we imagine that the tail was over here, now when he starts to go and make his move, he's pretty much guaranteed to not he's already behind like he's kind of around he's in the in the wrong place and he's going to be in the way of the inside center and the inside center is going to be in the way of him. Like he wants to be in a place where as soon as the center step out, he's got a straight shot at the at the other wing and and most importantly that the wings both have the same the same straight shot and the same angle when they open up. So that's that's the most critical part. The other thing that I think is important is that they're close and again that comes back to just keep the smaller the pieces are the smaller the distances are the faster the blocks are smaller the pieces are the more the more our arms are all bent the less we're pulling each other around and the more control we have for ourselves and each other. How are the centers confirming that point and tailor in the correct position at the top of the block? So as a as a center, I'm kind of seeing that they're in the right position as I'm building and arriving their last but usually the centers are kind of arriving in the center in the center last it's especially in this build we've got more translation that we're stepping in there but I'm kind of seeing all of that come all of that come in together. Well tons of questions here okay are the point and tail driving the turn or they following the outside center and center and center so really like there's not a lot of pushing and pulling on this piece the point and tail are putting pressure to keep themselves close and in that side body picture on the point on the center and outside center but they're not they're not throwing them around or forcing rotation at all they're really just thinking about as the center steps out he's thinking about moving you know so as we said the centers are going to step out and then they just want to spin back together as soon as possible so he's just thinking about getting over here out of the way as quickly as possible and with and timed with the point. All right so Steve's just saying yes so also just just a just a little tip for that that rotation at the at the close so at this point here I'm as the center I'm I'm thinking about so if I'm going to finish here and here I am thinking about kind of forward with my head this way as my hip is rotating I'm not just rotating in place but I'm kind of there is obviously translation but I'm doing I'm getting that in as I'm as I'm rotating and I'm letting it rotate mostly to the close there now um seems easy to video bust so I'm assuming you're talking about that grip at the beginning and yeah so we just make it the responsibility of the point and tail to to show that they're not on that grip and the thing that helps is if they stay if they stay um towards the head side of the person and they keep their they keep their hand under their under their chin or or out out out by the side is fine too all right okay so that was block 13