 This is block five. We'll watch it first. Okay, so block five is a double slot switcher, meaning that it's going to switch the point and the outside center. And it'll also switch the tail and the inside center. The constraint is getting, I'm going to get this knee, the outside center's left knee into this hand. We've got to get this knee into this hand. So those are the constraints just getting that over here and this over here. And the initial move for the inside center is a bit of a side slide in the rotation. And for the outside center, it's a forward. And we can usually initiate a forward move a lot quicker than we kind of side slide. So, so you'll see we tend to have the outside center do a little bit more of the move to even up that distance. And so that's the constraint. Now the, for the list, the build for teams, the first time to do this, I think I tell them to think about a D building a D. And then it's, it's just a little more open here. So instead of having the, you know, like a, in a traditional D where these guys would be, would be parallel here. They're just opened up a little more. And it's worth noting that the outside center and the tail are on parallel headings and the point and the inside center on parallel headings. And they're going to stay on parallel headings through the entire block and including the flows. Alright, so that's the build. The key is a lot like block six. It's the outside center and inside center are keen together. And then they're also moving together at the same time because they're switching places, they need to be moving at the same time. Otherwise, one will end up where the other one is before he's, before he or she's out of the way. And then you have to go too far. You end up on top of each other or a bunch of things we don't want. So it's outside center and inside center, keen and moving together at the same time and coordinating that move together at the same time. So as I'm watching, if I'm looking at Steve and he's getting, he's a little bit slower, having a little slower restart than I'm going to slow down. Or if I see him getting a little quicker start than me, I'm going to try and speed up and vice versa. That's the key. Pictures wise, this block happens really quickly. There's not really an inter picture. So what I'm thinking about is, is, if we imagine this line from the outside center's grip on point to the, um, a tails grip on inside center or the knee of the inside center, that's where the catch is going to happen. So I'm thinking about as a, as an inside center, I'm thinking about placing my right knee on this line just over the halfway point. And then the outside center is thinking about placing his knee on this line over here where the, where the tail's hand is. Yeah. So we're all kind of just going to that close picture from here. Right there like that. So that's where the catch is on the five. All right, that also talks about the clothes. So the, the picture is the first picture is, is also the clothes will look at on level. So we're building a little bit of levels in in the build. You can already see how the back piece is a little bit lower than the front piece here. And then we're having the front piece go over. But also notice how flat the pieces are with each other. And then we're fixing the levels. I feel like this one with the levels because the, um, the knee, the legs, which are the highest part on the, on the tail are the last thing to clear. It's not one with a lot of levels early and then, and then slowly coming down. It's more of a up and then, and then, then sink, you know, a hop and sinking down at the end because we got to let the legs clear. I'll show the mean here. So right now, see the real, the thing that needs to clear are my feet right here. So I can't start coming up until my feet have cleared right there. And then now I can start coming up and I'm looking at thinking about putting putting my group in that hand. All right. What is each slot thinking about? So for, for point in the build, I'm thinking about building like a D, but a little bit opened up from there. And in that initial move. So if, if, if we want this grip to end up over here. That means this, this center point needs to kind of travel this way a bit. So as point, I'm thinking about backing up. It's mostly needs together and also coming up with the outside center, recognizing that the outside center wants to go over and he's holding on to your knee. Your knee needs to go up with the outside center. So it's often more up than the points thing because if they just put their head at the right level, there needs going to be below that and then that, in, I'll essentially be reaching down. So thinking about initially up and backwards with that knee. So he's backing up, backing up, backing up, and you can see how that grip traveled west on our screen here. And then he's helping with levels for the clothes. So we're outside center. Building it like a D, but a little more open with my hips. And then I'm seeing in the build, I'm seeing this spot right here. And that's where I'm targeting to put this, this, this knee. So what that means is my center points kind of kind of go this way. Notice how that, that makes him kind of have to push through the center of the piece or, or compress in on his piece partner. Which we've talked about in a lot of the blocks, how that's, that's really useful. We always want the pieces pushing, compressing in on each other. So the, as outside center, I'm going at the, at the inside center, kind of pushing through my piece partner, thinking about placing my knee right here. It feels a lot like the last move of block six for point. So is he's going over and see his center point. Center point, see how tight and compressed it is with this piece here. And then he's looking really long over his right shoulder. He's going to, he's seeing this knee. He's seeing his left knee stopping at that spot that he identified in the build right there where the, the, the, tail's hand, was he's seeing it all the way until he puts his knee there and then once you stop his knee there. Then you could hearing switch, let's talk about the inside center. Okay, so the inside center. like a D and building a little bit low and I'm aware that the first thing that needs to clear is my head is going to need to clear this knee because this knee is going to come backwards this way. So I just give that a little bit of room and I'm a little below it there. My first move, so I'm also in this build, I'm looking at where this grip is and I'm realizing I need to get this knee to there. So it's initially a side slide and then a rotation. I'm going in this direction there. So side slide, that's my left knee down, side sliding with my upper body and then sliding over and I'm looking really long over my right shoulder. I'm watching, I see this hand here and I'm watching my knee into that spot that I identified before I even started. Yeah. Once it's there, then I can head switch and turn left or I might not head switch and turn right. It kind of just depends on where I'm going. In this case, I'm head switching and turning left. All right. Now for tail. So building like a D and then thinking about basically for tail, we need to let the inside center get out of the way so that the tail can rotate and place his right hand where his left hand was. So I'm thinking about kind of assisting the inside center's leg across. I'm not going around. I'm just kind of rotating in place and thinking about putting my right hand where my left hand was for the clothes. Keys to success on block five. That build, having a nice small build and everybody in those parallel angles really helps. The levels within the pieces, a lot of times if the point isn't getting up right away with the outside center, it can make the outside center's move tough. Come on the back piece of the back piece isn't on level with each other. It can make it hard for the tail to stay in place as it rotates. And then OC going, like pushing into the piece as he goes or kind of stepping forward, that also will keep the catch from happening behind the tail's head or on his head, which is not pleasant. And then I see that initial move that's initially getting your mass sliding left before you rotate is another thing to focus on. Any questions? On block five. Okay. How much value is from building levels into it? I don't think we've ever built levels into a revolution. Yeah, I mean, I think building levels is really, really helpful, especially for the inside center, especially for that inside center and point. But really for everybody, the block happens so quick that if we can get some levels built into it, it just makes it makes it easier. So I would try that. I will give it a try. What is a good reference for the IC slot to know when to know I've went to know that I've gone far enough for the point to pick up the IC's leg. So what I look for is I'm looking at the, I'm looking, I'm recognizing the spot before I go. So as inside center, right now, you can even see me like I'm looking right at this spot right there. And that's where I'm going to. So I've got my eyes on that spot and I'm going there. As I'm going there, I'm also seeing the point, you know, and seeing that he's also going to go to where we've agreed to go. But I'm seeing that spot the whole time. A lot of the blocks I find, if we can identify where we're going to before we even start, it makes things so much easier than starting and then trying to figure out where was it that I'm trying to make this picture. I find that when I'm in an inside center, my body position pitches up as I move and my knees drop. Part is to clear the knees, but also as a natural reaction of going out facing. Is there something specific that you think about to avoid that body pitch? Yeah, I mean, the struggle is real on that. And I think that's one, it's a solo skill. Working on how, how can I move and keep a flat body position? If you watch, we talk about this a lot on rhythm, the more we let our bodies pitch and move like this when we're doing verticals, that's going to make us have to create more levels on the blocks. It makes holding on to grips harder. So we've really embraced working on as a skill. How can I move powerfully and effectively in the flatest body position possible without a ton of variation in pitch? So that would be my first answer is just practice, practice. Can I get a powerful side slide in rotation without using a ton of pitch? And then specifically what I think about, I think about like, so it's usually the head that pitches up. So I think about like keeping my head, keeping my upper body heavy and down, you know that that helps. Yeah. Any other questions about block five? All right. Great. So block five, we will move on to block 10. Jeanette? Yeah. No, sorry. No worries. We can get on mute. Okay. When you're coaching a team that's maybe just starting to do this block, do you coach that like, Opel shape build rather than a 90 degree perpendicular build? Well, I coach the same build either way and the build I coach is, is, it's not quite, I mean, if you look, we're not quite 90 degrees, we're, we're open, you know, kind of relaxed from a, from a, from a D. And this is what I would, this is what I would coach for, for any team. Yeah. Usually though, I find new teams like the, like for some reason, Opel is just a weird formation to under, to even understand if I haven't laid down, like just walking people have a hard time kind of, what do I take? And especially the point like he's just out there and know it, you know, so like telling them a D, like a D, but relax a little bit is, is something that people can, can I, can identify with and they already know how to do. So that's why I usually say it's like a D, you know, that's, that's what helps people remember. Does that feel more to shorten the move or for vision? Yeah. So, you know, so you're saying instead of having it, having it 90 degrees between these guys. Yeah. Yeah. So it, it, it, it makes the move easier, especially for point, like if you imagine if, if it was 90 degrees and then now it's point, like, as point wants to get this grip going that way, it's, it's just easier to get it backing up if we're, if we're in a little narrower stance like that. Yeah. Okay. Here it goes.