 Okay, here we have block two, we're just going to watch it first. All right. Okay, so now talking about it. First, so just that idea of the constraint really was block two. We have the outside center and the point are together. They're going to be a part and then they're going to come back together. So the constraint is really about how close can we keep them so that we can keep the distance small that the outside center has to return to the point. Yep. All right. So talking about the build. So this line from the from the point to the tail. We want to build the two right on this line for the point. So what that means is the outside center is going to step forward directly onto that line and places center point right on right in front of the point on this line for the for the for the back piece. We're putting to put this donut on the line. That means the this corner of the donut is also on that line. So if we draw a line straight through the spine of the point and out the points knows that it goes straight to the center point of the outside center and right to this junction between the tail and inside center. So that's the build. The key is going to be the point. The point is looking over and seeing that this donut is built and ready to go and the point is going to key it. On the the first picture. We're going to take this donut. That we have right here. This donut right here and our goal is to take that donut and kind of shift it to the left. If we kind of imagine putting a push pin in this donut right right here. And then we're just going to allow the the donut to pivot so that the inside center would be here. The outside center would be here and the tail would be here. So so we take that donut and and put a put a pin right on that that grip and shift it just one there that's going to be the first picture. Right there. Yeah, and at that point we've now translated the donut or goal is to translate the donut out of the way of the point so that he can the point can come straight into into this spot right here. And the point in the outside center are going to meet up right back here. And in doing that notice the outside centers backed up a little bit and at this point here's this this constraint we want to we want to allow the outside center. To get back to the point kind of as efficiently as possible we just need to get you know to get the this donut spinning so that the inside center and the tail can get out of the way. So this is the first picture we're looking for and that defines how much of this donut is going to is going to translate. And at this point now we're just spinning the donut in place and bringing the outside center back to that spot where we agreed he would meet the point right right here. Yep. Okay, the levels if we look. We look at levels we don't take we don't really take much levels here. Notice that we think about trying to make the pieces flat as possible so what that means is flat with our own body positions you know the more arched we are then the further it makes our need. Below the guy behind me so if we can be nice and flat it makes it easier for everybody to make the the grip they're taking at I level. But notice the donut is just nice and flat and stays on level and flat as it burns and the point stays on level with it as well. Alright. So what is each position thinking okay so. For. For the outside center. In the bill he's thinking about stepping forward and placing himself right on that line and being poised and ready to go back up into that first picture so the first the first move for him is for where this picture is a little bit of back and a little bit of rotation so he's going from here. To. To hear so that's how much back and how much how much. How much rotation also at this point because we talked about the constraint is getting the outside center back to the point he's looking at the point over his right shoulders through the donut really long and thinking about really kind of squeezing and and pushing with that right knee back towards the point so right now we can really see. At this point Steve really looking at Andrew and thinking about getting back and meeting up at that. For the for the point. The point is thinking about you know seeing this build and in the build looking over and seeing the seeing the donut often the grip that's last is this one here or it could be this one here you know that we're looking for so just really looking to see that the whole donuts built. And then as soon as it gets keyed remember we talked about the donut is going to shift out of the points way so the point has also can can go just a little bit to his left but he's he's trying to get where he's going to go in a straight line like right here so that he can finish he can finish there so his first move is a little bit to the side and then now once the the don't move out of his way he can go in a straight line forward. And then snag the inside. Snag that inside leg and then finish the rotation. Now on on our app you'll see two versions one where the point rotates all of the way and before the catch and then this one where it's not and this just goes back to what I was talking about before. This technique is a little more guaranteed and it's easier for the point to adjust if the if the piece isn't perfect if you rotate more it's a little less guaranteed but yes it chaves a few seconds off so that's just the decision that you make based on how much training time you have with team and. I'm going to talk about the next piece. The inside center i'm thinking about this in the build i'm thinking about this junction often have to step forward into this and then i'm also thinking about letting this knee arrives and and it's my first move is going from here to placing myself right on this line. So my first move is is very much a lot of that right me down kind of like pivoting sides letting my lower body onto that line and then after that i'm just thinking about so i'm placing myself. On this line and then now i'm just thinking about spinning the piece and rotating in place. And really watching also at this point i'm seeing that i'm trying to put the outside center back on the point i'm looking at the point through the donut over my right shoulder and kind of feeding Steve onto him. Alright, and then for the tail. As well in the in the in the build the tail is aware of this line and putting his knee on that line often he really has to step forward into that. On the first move, remember we talked about the the donut is going to kind of. If we put a push pin right here on the tails knee so the tail is is very aware of kind of keeping his lower body exactly where it is and just helping guide. The outside center's lag and opening up into that first donut picture. So notice how he's he's leaving his leg where it is and just opening his upper body up and looking for as a tail, you can see he's looking through the donut at the point and he's also seeing. The inside center get onto this line once the inside centers on that line that now gives the tail the timing it now is his time to start pushing this knee down this line to make the rotation of the donut happen. There he goes rotating. Really mellow with the head switch. Looking in through the donut the whole time. Okay. That's what each position is talking is thinking about. And then some common things about block to a lot of times so there's the mechanics of it. If you're in the piece you've got to do a little bit of a backwards and a little bit of a car and that's going to be if these your knees that's going to be a little bit of knees together and a little bit of that inside knee. That inside knee down. And that's something you can practice in the tunnel doing solo drills. A lot of times when we do that if we let our butt come up then then we get levels in the piece we're not as efficient with our legs. I have to about actually My butt down keeping that arch as I bring my knees together and the inside knee down to do that backwards carve. Yeah. Another thing that often comes up a lot in the two is levels in the piece. And so like For the reasons I just talked about it. It wants to flow. So the whole piece just thinks about staying on level with each other and keeping your grip your leg grip at the eye level of the guy behind you that's that's taking Um, then we already talked about the point choosing to either commit late or or turn too soon. I would say at the point at which you miss one and I would I would wait at the grip and then rotate. All right. Any questions on block two. Do I see the chat. Yeah. Okay. So one question for OC and point in particular OC from an M to a two build and really from a lot of a lot of builds. I agree Matt. It's a big move for the OC and an immediate reversal of momentum. Yeah. How would you decide on where you're going to build in relation to the OC and point and compensating for that change in moment. Yeah. So yes. And we tend to To if we if we if the OC goes too short, the point has got to go the wrong way before he can turn around and go the other way. So we do talk about building the outside center right in front of the point. But yes, you're right. It is a big move. So some things we think about for for the outside center being poised and ready to move out of the way. Or one is he gets in there like the levels are really important. If he's as an outside center, you're going in and you're reaching down for that inside center's grip and you get pitched head low. It's going to be very hard to start backing up. You know, so I would think for the for the outside center. It's about arriving in there with that grip at your eye level for inside center. Thinking about putting your knee at the eye level of the outside center as he's stepping in there. You know, that's really the most important junction at the beginning because that's the that's the part that's doing the most movement in that first picture where we're getting. We're taking that donut and shifting it over. So for the outside center as we start to go faster and be more as we're more confident and trusting as a team. I would definitely say the outside center arrives already thinking about backing up and I'm almost stepping in there and taking that grip and bringing it back with me as it gets key. Yes, it's the points key, but but the outside center can read it and be the already moving back when it when it goes, but I would caution that we can't we can't start moving that donut until until it gets key. You know, so we're all looking at the point and putting it on that line. So the way you showed that block and we've got the app and that's the way we tried to do it, but that's a pretty advanced way of doing it and we're frequently doing these blocks in the tunnel with barely any experienced people. One of the biggest questions is and I can't explain it as good as you. So what I'm asking you is can you tell me how to tell people to make that donut back up in place? Yeah. So you had to make it spin in place. Yeah. So it's about getting an equal input and keeping that donut looking like a donut. You know, so the first thing I tell new people is to really just focus on that donut shape and keeping it looking like a donut. I'm going to take a high grip. I'm going to keep my head. In next to that next to that grip, I'm not going to let my head get this side of the grip or too far this side of the grip. And I'm going to think about doing just a little bit of knees together and inside knee down. If we think about it, if each person only does 33% of the effort of what it takes to rotate that donut, then we're going to spin it 100% perfectly. But as soon as somebody does too much, then it becomes hard to control. So a lot of times with new teams, I just come to mellow out the input and really just look, take a high grip, keep that grip in front of your face. Look in and think about keeping the donut shaped like a donut. And I'm going to put just just a little bit of input in a little bit of knees together, a little bit of that inside knee down and keep that arch and just go. So really nice and smooth. Another another drill that works really well is to have them do it without grips. I haven't just get in the tunnel and try and fly backwards in the donut with each other, keeping that donut looking like a donut without grips. So what will happen sometimes is if I'm getting too much, if I'm trying to keep this donut shaped like a donut, if I'm getting too much backup, then then it becomes very clear if my hips not getting in, it gets like this, it becomes very clear. So I can I can think about what does it take to back up and rotate and keep that donut shape. Another place where. Look forward on the tunnel net can help you put it in the middle of the donut and have three people just carve backwards around that center point staying in that donut picture. The whole time and seeing how much how much rotation how much inside knee down versus how much backwards how much knees together. Do I need to do to make that work. And I do that while keeping that good arch and keeping a nice straight line.