 All right, this is block 20. We're going to watch it first. Block 20. Really the constraint. We've got this center side body doing a 360. The more we can get that going and in place, that's going to affect how quickly the block can go. And then we want it to be in a way that the two wings can get their rotation done and finish at the same time. So between the two of them, the point has a 540 that's definitely a longer. So it's kind of a combination of that centerpiece getting the 360 done and the point finishing his 540. All right, so if we talk about the list here, the build. It's going to look like we're looking for a nice side body picture between the centers. And then the point and tail are kind of square. So we've got like an open accordion picture here between point and inside center and almost like a half star between between the tail and the outside center. The key is coming from the wings. And just like for block 11 and block 18, we talked about we really want this key to happen at the same time. So the wings what they're going to be doing is they're going to look at each other before they build, see that they're both on pick up grips at the same time so that they can let go at the same time. Yeah, so it's really important that this key like any block, but but especially on this block that the key happens simultaneously so that everybody has the same information and can move together at the same time to begin with. Yeah. So pictures wise. We're kind of looking for there's different pictures that each person is looking is looking for. The center is their goal is to spend 360 in place a little shy of 360 but in place right in between the point and the tail. So is it initiates. There's a like a compressed picture here with the tail right as the points legs are going over the outside center's legs kind of all on a straight line through here. Here's the halfway point almost like the inside center can take a cat on the on the tail and the point is kind of finishing is the first 360 of his turn and starting to look at where where it's going to finish on the clothes and then here we've got you can see that there's like a side by side picture for the point and inside center is. As he's watching where the closes happening just as the tail is about to take this grip and that's all kind of happening again on this line straight through here yeah. As the tail picks up that grip now he's looking forward and letting the piece continue to rotate for the for the point. There and notice how so it's spun on on its center point. Maybe 30 degrees shy of 360 so it's 330 ish yeah. Okay the close the key for the close is the outside center and it has to be the outside center because the inside center doesn't know that the tail is on for sure. I mean you should be able to see it too and be paying attention but we want we want the outside center to key it. Okay look at the levels so the variation of this I'll talk about has has does not have the point taking levels but this variation does so as it builds. The points already thinking about giving a little bit of levels and and the levels happen it's just a legs over legs cross once that happens now he can get back on level in time for that side by side picture. So that he can finish a close. I also want to point out and I'll talk about this in the keys to success but check out how flat. The points body position is as he goes up he's not pitched one way or another as he initiates his turn he's going up flat he's flat and then he's turning in place. And it doesn't really you know doesn't happen so much in the tunnel but when we get in the sky a lot of times if I'm a point and I find myself like moving all around the sky when I do this turn a lot of times it comes from being pitched as I go up and then I initiate my turn and I'm pitched as I'm initiating my turn and that that causes me to move all around the sky. So you just see how flat he is there and then everyone else is on level. For the for the center i'm just thinking about being nice and heavy and low and not letting my legs get up into up into above where I started. So that's the source levels so what is each person thinking about okay so. Okay so for the for the point i'm looking at the tail through the build so that I can see i'm in the right place and i'm picking up grips at the same time and keying at the same time. As soon as I key i'm thinking about going up first be nice and flat and then turning my legs turning to my right my legs over the outside center's legs so he keys he goes up a little bit and now he's putting his legs over the outside center's legs right on that line and if anything he's kind of traveled. A hair to his his right or east on the screen here. Mostly we just don't want him going over into this area over here we want him to be just slightly this way from where he started. Now then the point once I've once I've completed my turn now i'm i'm looking really long at this at the piece to set up this side by side picture right here. And from this side by side picture i'm rotating into the close to to guarantee that catch. Yeah it's the points responsibility to place his knees onto the inside center yeah. Alright so for the outside center. i'm thinking about building a nice square side body and then the outside center is really doing most of the driving of this piece the inside center does a little bit and i'll talk about that but as the outside center i've got the inside center between my hands here and i'm thinking about taking this this leg that's in my this is my right hand and i'm bringing that leg. Towards me as i'm taking my left leg and and going into into my partner so it's kind of and as i'm spinning i'm thinking about keeping the piece i'm compressing in on the piece keeping it nice and square so check out how how square he's staying with with me here. And he's taking all the daylight out so so he's pushing he's going forward and rotating through his partner and thinking about spinning that piece in place he's aware of this line between point and tail and kind of keeping his head which is the center point right on that line yeah at this point once he's once he's guaranteed that that tail is going to get the close now he's focused on the on the point and rotating it all the way to the close. All right, for the inside center i'm thinking about building. Putting my left knee kind of rotating my left knee in a little bit to build a good nice square side body with the inside center and then my move is is a backwards carve so i've mentioned backwards carve a lot and that's a great drill to do in the tunnel or become to one of our tool workshops and work with us on it. But that how do I go. Turn and back up and carve around in in this case in a circle like like that center point of travel in a circle like that so it's a little bit of my inside knee down a little bit of knees together and i'm doing that how much i'm basically just helping maintain that side body picture with the outside center. Yeah trying to keep a nice straight spine i'm watching right here I can see the tail catching and once I see the tail catching i'm still looking over my left shoulder and i'm thinking about helping to to stop the piece before I look out like look i'm still you can still see the inside center looking over this right shoulder that that needs like. It's like a centimeter away from my head and I have no idea because i'm not looking there yet i'm just trusting that the tail is going to put it right in my hand and not not on my ear but the reason why i'm doing that is as soon as i look away i would i would take the shoulder away from the outside center at the very moment that he's trying to stop me it kind of is the opposite so i'm looking this way and thinking about stopping putting putting some legs out to stop and then right as i stop that grip is going to be right in my hand. Like it is right there and then i'm waiting letting the outside center key and then once they do i'm moving on alright for the tail. Looking at the point and the build so that I can pick up grips at the same time and key at the same time. Now i'm rotating. seeing this compressed. Like a cat and then once that's happened i'm now seeing the inside of this leg and i'm snagging it kind of a ff instructor style. But once this has happened it's important that the tail doesn't stop this grip here so he's doing that by really looking at the point and allowing the piece to rotate where it needs to go for the point. Yeah and when when they when these happen well we see this grip happen exactly at the same time exact grip that means that we've we've coordinated all these moves kind of as closely as we can right there yeah. Okay. Quickly I want to show you the flat version. This is not very different at all really the only differences for the point. And what the point is going to do instead of instead of going up and going right the point is just going to wait and go left and call with the piece so he's going to put his side body in right there like his like his. Like the outside center's legs could take a side body on the point you know in this on this line here that we saw. You know instead of his legs crossing over legs he's just making that happen and then now. Once he does his 360. He's going to look at it and he's going to stop and he's going to wait really really long. And then once he knows where that piece is going to stop and and that it's not moved then he's going to guarantee his legs for the close and we've really accentuated this here if as teams get more and more comfortable this then then he could finish closer to the same time as the tail but but again the point is just that the points job is to guarantee that close. So when will we do this honestly I don't think this is that much slower i've seen teams I know we've done this technique just as fast as the other technique so if the if the levels are causing the point to move around the sky and it often happens when we go to the sky doesn't happen as much in the tunnel because you can't go very far in a 16 foot or 14 foot tunnel. When we get the sky at the points moving around a lot just switching to keeping them on level and called can solve can solve that problem and guarantee that we don't miss any catches and that's the most important thing. Alright, let me answer questions. Alright for the 20 how do you see make sure tail doesn't pull on you before closing with point yes so this is this is a skill from the tail and we can do this drill I really like to do is one where we have the tail like touch that leg but not actually grip on it and almost try and like like I think about the tail like if I'm not actually actively moving that grip or pushing that grip. Rotating that grip that i'm probably hindering so having the tail practice that put your hand on that leg but don't or like just barely touch it you know so that if it went away from you you. You wouldn't hang on to it and practice traveling with that with that grip. Yeah another thing you could do is just do a few where the tail doesn't doesn't take the grip and then he might start to realize a high see where the where the outside center is trying to go another reminder is just make sure the tail is seeing the point often if i'm if i'm not looking at the point then I don't I don't understand where the outside center is trying to go. Yeah so here's a good point from see so it's talking about in the bill the point and tail are looking at each other and picking up grips and and keying at the same time and often by the time it gets built you can't actually see the other person's eyes especially with rigs on and stuff and that's where. Where picking each other up early is really helpful I can usually see the point before it all gets built I can see his eyes and I can agree and so that's where we can kind of make that coordination happen when we're picking up grips at the same time and letting go at the same time so. i'm not getting eyes so much as i'm reading the body language before that and then i'm seeing stillness you know so i'm using all the context clues so I just saw the points eyes a second ago now the grip now that you know everything's kind of centers. rigs are in the way but I see his legs and everything still and everything looks just like it was all coming together all the information I had you know a split second ago to come together so I can pick up the girls the same time key at the same time. Yeah so one one thought to you for the outside center as i'm turning just like we talked about on block block 19 when you're being turned by the inside center if i'm i'm looking kind of at my shoulder or through my shoulder is where i'm going to see the the tail. As tell you notice you're taking the inside grips on the icy does it matter as just a personal preference I think you i'm guessing you're talking about on the build I think you'll see either mean probably usually you'll see one inside and one outside but where wherever he's coming from is it's fine either either way. tips on keeping the centerpiece on level doing the drill together just as a two way drill in the tunnels a good way to do that so and keeping it small and compressed when when it gets big then it can tend to tend to float. the outside center so this is also a really great solo skill to work on if you go back to just the fundamentals turns forward and back side slides doing that without letting your legs get a ton of lift that's a really critical skill here so for the outside center you want to be able to go forward and rotate without as legs getting a ton of lift and into into the so you can see this way. with that is legs getting a ton of lift and getting into the point space he wants to be able to move move forward and move forward and rotate but staying staying flat and that's a solo skill that you can work on.