 All right, so this is block 22. I'm going to watch it first. Okay. And again, here, there's two techniques that we can choose from here. And the difference is the vertical from the point you, the point is going to go up and over or the point can stay on level. And the decision is very similar to block 20. We want the point to do the technique that he can guarantee to stay close and be there on the close. The build, we're thinking about the outside center stepping forward and placing his legs in front of in front of the tail and and kind of on this line in between the inside center and and point. Yeah. The point and inside center are building nice square side bodies. And then we've got a nice street street cat here from the, from the tail. So that's the build. Oh, sorry, talk about the constraint. So the constraint here really is just getting this cat all the way back around and rotating in place. The solo flyers can get their stuff done in less time that it's going to take us to spin this this back piece around. Yeah. All right. So we talked about the build the key. The key is coming from the point, but he's really aware of the tail's condition and seeing that the tail is ready to go. The point is seeing the inside centers there, the inside center should be there. And then he's seeing that the tail has not only has grips, but has body language that he's ready to get to get started. So the pictures were aiming to see as the the piece wants to stay straight in a straight cat is it spinning. And there's kind of a as this as this steps out the legs of the point are kind of just going over over the head of the of the outside center as he steps out the cat is aiming to spin on center. Right there in the in where it started. So once it gets to this picture, there's a there's a reverse side body picture with the point. And now as it comes around, there's a side body picture right here between inside center and outside center as the clothes happens and we're finishing. Yeah, again, maybe 30 degrees shy of the line that we started on with the center point of the piece right where it started. So levels I'll show you the level view. So nice and flat in the piece here between outside center and tail as the point takes it in keys, you can see is going up and again, I just want to point out how flat his body position is he's going up he's nice and flat and then now he's rotating there is legs going over the head of the outside center. And then now he's coming back down on level. So that everything's on level by the time we close. Okay, what is each slot thinking about. Okay, so for for point. So on the build. Often the point can come up shy on this on this grip on the build. So I'm thinking about setting up for this what we call the hard grip first. So setting yourself up square with the outside center or also in like a half star with the tail so that so that this grip is easy to get. And if we are having trouble getting that grip, I would hold off on taking this grip until we're in a nice square side body. Yeah, all right. So the point as he's building he's seeing the inside center and he's also seeing the tail and looking for the tails condition so that he can key it when the tails ready to go. So when the when the point keys it he's going to key it. Go up and then rotate. And and if anything he's squeezing a little bit into this into this area so that he doesn't go up into this area and in the tunnel you kind of can't do that because he would be running into the wall. But in the sky we often tend to go this way so I think about kind of squeezing. And then he's squeezing kind of east in this in this standpoint you see him there. Then he's seeing this reverse side body picture with those legs and thinking about placing himself in in the right spot for this for this piece to finish. Yeah, putting himself one outside center with the way from the the inside center and being on level. And then for the outside center. The build is often a really. It's just a skill of something that that outside centers often need to need to learn and this is something that we can spend a lot of time on the creepers learning for the outside center building a 22 from lots of different things. I want to put myself. If I'm the if I'm the outside center. I want to put myself in front of the tail in a nice cat. But then I also want to be in between the point and the inside center. So he's going to kind of step forward into the piece on a line kind of through here. And then you can see him stepping forward into the piece and placing himself on a line through there will go off of that line. So he's placed himself between between the point and the inside center in front of the tail. And he's looking really long over this right shoulder to make that happen. So we talk about this a little bit on on block eight for the inside center. His move is is a bit of a side slide and rotation thinking about the piece. The center point of the piece is right between the outside center's knees. So if we were doing the solo drill to practice this, I would I would get in the tunnel and and can I do a side slide car leaving the point right between my knees in in one spot. So it's a little bit of a side slide and a little bit of a rotation to to step out and make that make that happen. And again, the tail is doing most of the driving. So the outside center is just doing just kind of keeping in that straight cat picture with the tail doing enough to get out of the way and initiate but not getting ahead of the tail. So to how long he's looking over this right shoulder, he's not head switching. He's keeping long will go over that shoulder and then as he comes around, he'll see that the inside center has put that side body right there for him and he's finishing helping stop the piece right in between the inside center of the point. The outside center to as he's moving and he's looking over this right shoulder. He's also very aware of the tail and staying flat and on level with the piece. The tail. All right, for the tail. So also just for the build. So just thinking about allowing the outside center to step forward and in and and putting my putting myself right on that line where we've agreed that this piece is going to build here. As it builds as a tail, my goal is for it not for my arms not to be at full extension, but to be a little bit bent so that in that first move. To spin the piece, I'm going to go, I'm going to go forward and rotate to have that compression in the piece for the tail. So he's going forward, you know, you can see this compressing within the piece. He's putting his knees right in between where where he's placing himself where the outside center started or putting his knees right in between where point and and inside center were. He's also got a really mellow head switch and at this point he's thinking about rotating and just placing the outside center in between the inside center and the point. And then let's talk about the inside center and again, the other technique is a little bit there's there's two techniques for the inside center i'll talk about the other one when we look at the other video. Okay, so i'm building. As inside center i'm being very patient and seeing the condition of of the tail and the point i'm ready for the key but i'm not going to steal this key i'm going to let it get keyed and then in this technique i'm turning right away so you can either as inside center you can either turn right away or you can wait and let the. I'm not the tails knees go through and i'll show that example in the next one, but i'm turning right away and my goal is i have to get my knees through there. Through here before the tail goes through and that's my responsibility at any point it's the tail starts to feel like they're going to hit me or they feel like they're avoiding me then then then we're not then i can't do that i'm not doing this technique correctly it's my responsibility to get to get my knees out of the way of the tail so the tail can just go. And the reason for that is because the constraint is this piece so i don't want to do anything that's going to slow down slow down that piece so i'm rotating and my goal is to be in a side body picture with the tails legs as he gets as he gets there so i'm doing all the rotation. Not quite the 270 but just 45 degrees shy of the 270 before the tail gets his knees through there and at this point now i'm just staying right here i'm squeezing in you can see me putting a side slide input in here this knee down squeezing in and really. Thinking about building you see me building this side i'm going at that side body picture with the outside center for the clothes here see how i've made that happen and i'm. i'm waiting on that final 45 degrees of rotation will happen just as the outside center picks me up but i'm making i'm actively making this side body picture happen and then it and then it closes. And it's on level. Alright so i'll show you the. Actually yeah i'll show you the on level and then we'll talk about keys to success. Okay so this the only difference with this one is that. Point and inside center are doing the other technique so for point. He's going to key it and instead of going up to avoid he's thinking about stepping just right into this area here. Stepping to his left just a little bit enough to make a side body picture with the outside center is the i'd sit center goes through. That's it so i'm not even as far as I drew just just right to here right to his left and he's seeing the side body picture. Now once he sees this side body picture with this with this cat here. If you imagine when this cat is is 180 from where it is right now when the tails legs are here the points job is to be to have his opposite side body there so he's going to he's going to rotate and he's making his opposite side body happen. When the when the tails legs go through there. And he's just finishing on the clothes so his priorities are similar as far as watching the piece and squeezing at the piece but instead of going over to avoid he's thinking about just stepping a little bit to his his left and making a side body and then making that other side money. For the tail. Inside center. So this is the technique where the inside center is going to turn after the tail. So as the key comes the inside center is going to do just a little bit of rotation to let. To kind of present your left side that side body to the legs so I'm opening up. Just like 45 degrees and then once that happens now my knees can cog after the outside after the tail and then once I've done that now I'm again. I'm doing a 180 from there so that I can set up this side body picture with the outside center and again you see me squeezing with this left knee kind of to place this this side body on the outside center so that they can take the grip and close. Okay. I'll show you the on level for the point. So he's stepping to his left just just just clearing that shoulder. And then just clearing that knee and then here we are. Right. So some keys to success. So keeping that cat flat. And this is also something that you can do a ton of just two-way drills with the outside center and tail coordinating the move so that they're moving together that the outside center is getting that initiation in in a good timing for the tail. That just takes coordination and practice and doing a ton of them Steven and Doug have done a ton of them together and now they're really good at it. There's no secret there. Keeping it on level and that takes the outside center looking and seeing the the tail long to stay on level staying in staying in a in a straight cat not not having the outside center get ahead that can happen if I'm not looking or if I had switched to early. Another another key to success is point and tail really looking at the piece long and keeping yourself. Keeping yourself relative to the piece in the in the right place the whole time. We talked about point when if points during the verticals going up and staying flat before I start rotating not letting myself get pitched and start rotating in that in that pitch. Another another key to success is inside center really staying in that side body picture at the end I find for myself it's so tempting to want to just rotate just a little little bit too much I have to really actively work to stay in that side body picture. Any questions about block 22. As I think of rotating late head switch over my right shoulder dropping my left knee pulling OC with my left hand to better turn the piece in place. Thanks for this question I can I can discuss the mechanics for the tail of turning that piece a little more. In this first move. In the first move I'm thinking about going forward and rotating and placing my knees right where kind of the shoulders of the outside center were. Yeah we talked about that. I'm placing my knees right there yeah at this point now we want to get the the outside center moment of the outside center come all the way out here and we need to get the outside center moment of moving back so before I continue rotating around and and sometimes that can make me rotate around the outside center. I want to think about stopping and anchoring there and pulling back on the outside center so that I can get I get this this person returning this way before I rotate so here that's digging in with the knees and thinking about pulling pulling the outside center back I'm pulling back on both groups but definitely more on the on the left I agree. And and and then as that's pulling back then I'm then I'm rotating and keeping that that that piece compressed. For point the very first move is only up or is it up and forward together then turn sorry I'm so confused on this block for point yeah so I think I do think that especially in the sky points will say they feel like they're thinking about pushing putting positive pressure forward so that they don't back up. So yeah and I think I think that thinking about a little bit up and a little bit squeezing forward is is a good way to do it but I find when when people are having trouble with this block it's because they're just trying to get too much done all too quickly and if you just like if we don't if we can just go up and turn in place and come back down you have so much time where we get in trouble is when we start moving all around the sky and then you have so much more to do and then you're behind so I think thinking about for point just just slow everything down and recognize you have plenty of time to get it all done you have to do a 270 in place and this this cat has to spend almost 360 in place so you have so much time so what I would recommend is think about go up a little bit and then we can squeeze at the piece rotate rotate my you know 180 and then I'm going to come back down and then finish and if we slow it down we can usually make a move a lot smaller and it just gets a lot easier that way or even just try it a few times on level I feel like that can also help us see what's going on in the piece so that if I do go back and add the levels in I don't go as far and and it just feels a lot easier yeah for OC I found that on the initial move if I drop my left shoulder and it digs in we get levels any tips for that move to keep the piece nice and flat so yeah so if my first move if I if I let myself get get to this way it can cause problems so I think about just being nice and and and flat you know also a little bit of squeezing back helps a lot so you know we talk about like we talk about pieces talk about an 18 how we want to push in together on the piece we think about this cat so the mirror on the here so as the cat is I'm stepping out this way if I think about a little bit of a squeezing back as I'm as I'm opening up that also can help put that compression in the piece yeah so as far as the left shoulder yeah I think you want to do it but still keeping think about keeping your upper body square not letting your upper body get get dug in and that's that's a drill you can do in the tunnel solo drill you can do in the tunnel as well with that that that by pull carve how can I do that but keeping a nice square upper body as OC I do right then left on closes that right sometimes I think I make it too stagy so yeah I mean it everything should it should finish right left when we have our best ones they happen at the same they happen at the same time if you feel like you're kind of doing it one two too much then I would think about as you come around focus less on that inside center and more of just placing yourself between the two and you'll find that both groups will happen a little more at the same time for you okay for the tail how important is it that OC does what what you're supposed to do for me is tail to make the clothes easier I have flown with OCs that make 22 super easy and I've flown with OCs that make a close near to impossible and I'm not sure where the problem is happening. There are various opinions out there what's the right way in the wrong way of executing this block yeah so I mean a lot of it is just just doing this a bunch with the outside center a lot of times that the first culprit is the head switch for the outside center so if if I'm if this is the outside center as I'm turning I want to keep I want to think about keeping that center point which is between my knees on the center point of the piece so that the outside center is in full control as soon as I start pulling that center point away that becomes tough the other thing that makes it tough is if I get ahead and rotation on the on the tail and now the tails behind so not getting ahead and rotation is about looking at the tail and staying in a straight in a straight cat and and keeping my head over that right shoulders super long and only at the end when when the grips are going to be in front of me am I am I doing ahead switch I'm never doing a big head switch so those would be the first few things I would look at if the tail is going to be in the right way and I'm going to be able to do that. It feels like they're getting pulled around a lot some other things could be levels within the piece you know so we imagine if this is the pieces fly as soon as we get levels like this. This piece is pulling you this way and as a tail there's not a whole lot you're going to be able to do it for that you're just going to feel like you're getting you're getting pulled around another thing that can help the tail for the outside center is when I'm closing I'm committing to stopping helping stop the piece right between the point and the inside center I'm not going at one or at the end. I'm not going at one or at the other and that can also make make it difficult for the tail is the outside center is going at the point of going at the inside center. Yeah the other thing that you can do is tail is make sure that you're not letting yourself get higher than the outside center so we talk about the outside center doing everything you can to make sure that he doesn't drop out but for the tail because I'm putting a ton of input in with my legs that can cause me to get a lot of lift. And get above the outside center and as soon as I get lifted my legs are higher than my body now my legs are out of the wind and they don't have as much control I don't have as much power out of my legs because they're up out of the wind so being able to do that to do your moves but keeping your hips low as you do will give you a lot more control is tail to. Maybe similar questions should tail be referencing a particular solo person to the close know like place place think about putting them right between the two solo people. Any advantage to a small compact OC slot like you at the head of the two ap's with that at speed yeah I mean you know I think all teams have different configurations and certainly in this in this case anytime you have someone being spun having a smaller person being spun or a smaller person getting in is is is an advantage but then being larger and stronger as an advantage in other places and I think you'll see teams. Use use those things to their advantage that said I think that Doug and Steve can spin this cat as fast as as Doug could spin me you know and it's it's it's very much about just working together and getting it getting the piece working together yeah so. Any other questions on block 22. All right why is OC at the head of the cat why not point it seems weird yeah so this block is a little bit odd because because we kind of we're kind of almost almost switching slots the this is the way that we do it mostly because it it lends itself like if some moves it would be very awkward at this point for them to get back out of here like imagine I was going to to a like a C you know the this guy would have to step all the way forward out of here and we've got these but but but it does often it often feels like we're slot switching in and out of this and that's just the nature of how this how this formation is it doesn't lend itself to a nice a nice build we do sometimes swing out of swing out of memory or even swing we don't swing in you don't actually take memory a lot for this. But but often we we would swing out of memory into or out of 22 because because we're almost we're almost switching slots on the front keys that is yeah.