 So this is block three. We're going to watch it first. Here we go. Yeah. OK. So for the constraint, really it's about, we've got this piece that's turning 180 degrees. And then we've got a solo flyer turning 540. And the constraint is really about the solo flyer's 540. How quickly can he turn and how can we just put the clothes right on him? So that's what we're looking to do. Let him get going. Let him just turn easily and put the clothes right where he's going to finish. All right. So for the list, the build very much like block two for outside center where the outside center really steps into the center. Here, you'll see the inside center is really stepping into the center of block three. And I think about putting, if we think about the center, I think about putting the center where the center point was right between my shoulder blades. And I want to be parallel to where the point is. It's really very much a straight in. The relationship between the outside center and the inside center is an important one. So for the outside center, he's kind of like a, I'm going to say, he's not quite like a, like a phalanx or like a side body. He's kind of like a, like somewhere in between, you know? So he's this, this angle is like 45 degrees. And notice if we, if we imagined a line kind of through this, through this grip here, his nose is like right on that line. I sometimes think I'm like looking at a, at an aquarium and all the sharks are over and over here. And I'm just going to rub my nose right along that, that aquarium glass as I move here. Anyway, so that's the, and notice too, how close in this grip is the outside center's right leg for the inside center. When I'm in the inside center, I step in there and I really try and be bent with my, with my arm kind of chicken wing in there. And we want that to be nice and small. That makes this reach, which is already pretty big for the tail as small as possible. For the tail, if you look at him, he's, if you imagine this grip, you know, a line coming straight off this grip, that's where his spine is, or he could even be, he could even be a little more this way. If you wanted, we just don't want him any further over this, this angle, yeah? And notice how, see how close he is up in here. He's got his head nice up and closer and that's going to also make these grips, grips closer. And the point often has to step forward and create this compressed here. So there's the build. The key is coming from the point. The point's going to look over and see that, see that the tail is on. Usually this is somewhere in here is last. He sees the tail's on and ready and he's going to key it. The first picture is this, right at this, where the point is turned 90, there's kind of like a three way here, like a half star between the inside center and point, and then almost like, I don't know, he could take an arm grip here on the outside center. This three way is what we're looking for. And notice how the tail has not moved yet. He's kind of just staying in place. So this is the first picture that we're looking for. And then from there to the close, we're aiming for the close to end up, so if the point ends up exactly where he was, but facing the other way. And we've taken the gap that was from the tail's leg to the outside center's hand and placed it right where the inside center was. Notice to the inside center is now kind of like in a meager, kind of picture or a donut picture with the point as well. So that's the close. As far as levels, there's two options here, and we do them both ways, kind of just depending on how we're feeling at that part of the season, but right now we're doing them with verticals. This may have on flat. It's basically whatever makes the point, the most comfortable that they feel that they can just turn. So if there is vertical, it's really just about clearing the point's knees with the outside center's head. So as we go here, so here it's flat and you can see that the, it's just avoided right there, it's just very close. If we were doing them vertical, you would just see his head go slightly under and the point goes slightly over, right at that moment there. The other thing I want to point out with the levels though is notice how flat the piece is. And that's really important for moving the piece that this is flattened here. We don't have anybody super pitched up or anything like that. All right, so what is each slot thinking about? So if I'm point, I'm thinking about as I'm going to the build, I'm looking across at the tail and trying to arrive, right as it's built so that I can immediately use that, that stopping momentum and turn and turn back the other way. Then as point, once I turn, I'm looking for this first 90 picture. If we're doing verticals at this point, I'm going just a little bit up. And then once I see this 90 picture, I'm just doing a really nice 360 in place and then looking for the clothes. As I close, I'm thinking about making sure that my knee finishes in the outside center's hand at the same time that I'm reaching for the tail. So sometimes that means I need to think about, think about the clothes for the outside center a little more than the grip I'm picking up. All right, for the outside center. And again, just to be, if you're an outside center, that job of point you're going to end up doing when you're in your B slot. So I'm calling it point, it's whoever's starting at point at the beginning, but both slots will end up doing this role. All right, so outside center here, the green guy, in the build, I'm thinking about stepping a little bit to, in this case, East on the screen and drawing the inside center in and really being responsible for this nice tight picture with my knee and this angle here. Yeah, I'm just really focused on this build. Getting on the creepers with your team and practicing this build is really helpful. I mean, it's the same, that's that way for every block, but this is one that's especially nice for. All right, so the outside center, once he's built there, his initial move is getting, it would try to get these two people, or really I think about like this junction right here, moving this way. So for the inside, the outside center, that's about a little bit of pushing this right knee down. It's a little bit of a side slide and then a rotation. But we want to do that without letting my lower body dip, because then now the inside center's pitched forward, which makes it hard for them to back out. I'm thinking about being flat and sliding across. So I talked about already, when I'm in this spot, if I'm doing, especially if I'm doing it on levels, I imagine that Aquarium glass, everything on the other side, I don't want to get involved in, because that's where the points knees are going to be. But I just think about rubbing my nose right along that glass. And there's a moment like, you can see how close he comes to that knee, but if you're on level and looking, you will not let him kick you. You'll get as close as possible, but you won't let him kick you. So this is one way to do it. If he was doing a little bit of levels, the piece would go down just a little bit, and he would go under, but as an outside center, we don't want to be lower than the piece. So you're only going to do as much as the piece is going to do, and the point's going to give levels for the rest. So then once the outside center gets to the other side of the knee, at this point to the other side of the knee, now they're just thinking about stopping their upper body where the points hand started in the block, which is right here. So he's thinking about just stopping his upper body right there for the catch for the point. All right. The inside center. So we already talked about, it's a build for the inside center. I'm really thinking about stepping forward in there, and putting the center point of the previous formation right between my shoulder blades. And I'm, it's a straight in. I'm also aware of the point, it's a straight in. I'm also aware of this relationship with outside center. And making sure this grip is at my eye level, not that I'm not reaching down for it. All right. On the key for inside center, the first move is a bit of a backwards carve. We talk about backwards carving a lot. It's a skill that we have to practice in the tunnel. We can do it. We do it a ton ourselves when we're doing solo work. If you come to a tunnel workshop, we can work on it with you. But yeah, if you've been listening in, you've heard backwards carving as a skill for all these slots. So it's a little bit of a backwards. If we imagine that, so the point is starting here and the point's gonna end up here. For the inside center, I'm gonna end up in a donut picture with that. So if I'm ending up there, I'm basically doing a backwards carve around like this circle. So my initial move is backing up and I'm rotating. I'm helping, we talked about this junction, trying to get this junction that way. So I'm really helping get that junction that way. And now, I'm carving around and ending up. It's a little bigger than the circle I drew. Yeah. So it's a backwards knees together and then that inside knee down to make that happen. And at the end, I'm very much looking at the point for that setup. All right, tail. All right, so the tail on the build is thinking about really stepping forward in there. See how squeezed it is? Look at the distance between tail and point right here. It's really small for the tail rather than looking out for this grip. He's just really thinking about being squeezed up in there and seeing this picture through this grip right there. When it goes, so the tail, he can look at his, this knee needs to end up right here. So what he wants to do is let the inside center and outside center get out of his way. So his knee can take a straight line there. That's gonna be the quickest way for him to get his knee there. He's not gonna start going, if he goes around, then he's got a longer, a longer trip. So his first move is assisting the centers to move with these grips. He's assisting the centers to move this way so that his knee can then go on a straight line that way. So you can see him, he's kind of assisting, assisting, assisting. And then once they're out of his way, his knee is going straight at where that grip was. Okay, keys to success on this block. The solar flyer turning in place and having a good turn. I think a lot of that is about having a good build and seeing that first picture and then trusting after that. And in that first picture is when you're doing a little bit up and you're seeing that half star picture with the inside center and then just just trust your turn and turn in place from there. Yeah, nice straight spine, mellow head switch, all of those things. For the back piece or for the pod, it's about keeping the piece small, having it compress in and being flat within the piece. And for the tail, that compression in and not allowing your hip to go around, but getting the centers out of your way so you can go on a straight line. Any questions about block three? Sorry. Okay, what is the disadvantage of tail taking the outside leg grip of OC? So we're talking about, let me show you this again. On the build. Having the tail take this grip over here. Really, it's just a long way. Sometimes this can get like it's already quite far. Doug has a pretty big reach and it's already far and we're doing a good job of building this form. If you get a bad, it just is too reachy usually at the beginning. At the end, it would be nicer, but we don't do it because it's just too reachy and it kind of takes extra time to get over there. So he's just taking in the knee and then as it folds out, he's kind of letting it, letting his hand just bend with it. That's my chair. Any general advice on how to best get started learning training slots, which is, yeah, so actually, you know what? I'm going to answer this question at the end of this. So when we clip it, we can add it somewhere else. So I'll come back to you Tim and if I forget, remind me. Okay, as I see, what do you think about so you don't go too far, especially in the air, I find it's easy to overpower the move. Yeah, I find that looking at the, looking at the point helps me a lot. So I'm thinking about backing out, but if I'm watching the point, I know I've got this junction. I'm thinking about placing it over here and keeping myself as close to the point and as close to that, that donut picture at the end of the block that I'm trying to make. Next question, what is OC referencing on the build? How do they know where to go? Yeah, all right. So just like I talked about with the inside center, I'm thinking about taking the center point of the previous point and putting my shoulder blades. So the center point of this, this M is right here. I'm thinking about putting that center right between my shoulder blades. So if I'm an outside center, I'm thinking about putting myself in a picture with an inside center that's going to be right there. So I'm, he's looking and he's kind of setting himself up to relative to where the inside center is going to be relative to the center there. Yeah, you know, I often say like, imagine you were teaching someone this block and showing and brand new inside center where to go, like set yourself up kind of in a spot where they would step forward and build that grip and be in the right spot. All right. As tale, any preference to which grip to take first OC or IC? Yeah, so we often actually plan to have them take, have them try for the outside center first or at the same time so that the, so that once the tale has that grip on, on inside center, the point knows it's ready to go. If for some reason there's like some kind of strange build that it's just, it's silly not to take the inside center first, then we talk about that in the creeps. So everybody knows that we can't just assume once we have inside center, it's, it's ready to go. But generally we have, we have outside center first and inside center or ideally kind of at the same time. When we have a hard grip and we think about going for that hard grip first, what, what usually that means is we end up picking them both up at the same time. All right. As a short tale with short arms, would it be wrong to have OC pivot slightly to decrease my stretch? So I mean, first I would play around on the creepers with seeing how tight you can, you can get the, what's, seeing how close you can get the, the build. So like here, I'm quite chicken winged, but I would, I would argue that his knee could even be, you know, could even be a couple inches more there. And, and how close the tale can be. That's where I would start. And then if, if we did have the, the outside center even more, the problem with, with having the outside center more this way, and then that brings the knee closer to you is now he's got so much further to go to clear that point on the first move. So I would prefer not to do that if we don't, if we don't have to. I think that you could, I think that even with, even with short arms, if we can, if we can just really focus on getting this, this junction as small as possible, see the inside center's head by the hip of the outside center, you know, and just make that as small as possible. And, and I think it could be even smaller than what I'm showing here.