 Here we have block one. We're going to watch it first. All right. So the constraint here, really we've got the inside center and the point are together and we need to spin both pieces around and get them back together. So it's really about keeping the pieces as close as possible and keeping the inside center and the point as close as possible. All right. So talking about the list, the build, it's going to build. And I think about this a lot like, you know, we talk about building an O where we're setting up across. So there's almost like a by pull picture between the tail and the point and a half star picture between outside center and inside center. Right. And point is very much kind of putting their knee almost on the center. It's very much like a D like building a random D for for the point. Yeah. So that's the build. We want it to be nice and on level and just nice and square. Yeah. The key is going to come from the inside center from blue. And then as as I'm keying it, I'm keying it with my hands and I'm also moving initiating the move as part of the key as well. So there comes the key. And then the first picture we're looking for is a marquee picture right here. So almost like there's a there's a compressed see this compress between the point and the inside center. And look at how close the tail and the outside center are up up on up almost on the backs of the people they're turning. And they're also aiming to be square square side bodies. Yeah. So from where we started, if we imagine like that, the center point of the piece, they're kind of looking straight down each other almost right at the center point of the piece right there. Yeah, you see that. So that's where that's where that first picture is. Yeah. The next picture is a reverse of the first molar. So almost like the now the point could take a cat on the inside center and notice the the side bodies are still super close and tight like there's almost no daylight in between them here. And they're mostly square, although we can start to see signs that the tail is going to start to try and get his legs ahead and the and the O.C. is going to wait. So here's the second picture. And then he from here, the tail is going to let his legs go through and the outside center is aiming to see their legs go right after the tail's legs. And at this point, we're now thinking about this distance between the point and the inside center and finishing on the close. And again, for the close, rather than just trying to slam the inside center and point together instead if we think about those setups across and honestly this is not the best demonstration of that. But but if you if you saw us doing this now, you'd see more square side bodies at the end and setting up if we set up across at the close, that's going to put the inside center and the point together really nicely at the end. As far as levels, we don't take any levels with this because the outside center is waiting and letting the letting the tail go through. I have seen some teams put the outside center's legs just over the tail. That's one way to do it. But we don't we don't really like it that way because because you don't like how we don't like having any levels in the close and that and that can that can cause some walls and the clothes we find just just having the outside center wait until just after the tail is fine and then it can be on level. So what is each slot thinking about. For the point. The point is thinking about building that first picture. So as I'm here in the point, I can already see he's looking over his left shoulder and he can kind of see this spot right here. And that's where he's going to place himself for the first picture that compressed picture. And that's going to happen with a little bit of that backwards carve. We talked about that a lot in on Tuesday for block two and we'll talk about that again with block 11. It's a little bit of that that inside need down and knee pinch and placing himself right here on this line. And after that, his next picture is going to be right here where you could take a cat on the inside center. So again, he's just thinking about that that nice backwards carve into that into that cat picture. Is it good to see here. And then he's going to just continue that that input pushing into his piece partner that backwards carve around and then helping with the stop at the close. For the outside center. So for the outside center, I'm thinking about the actually start here. The center is thinking about this first picture and placing helping to guide the point right to here and being careful not to go around. So as the outside center is placing the point there, they're rotating and putting themselves on this line. So when I'm the inside outside center, I can see like I'm looking at the at the tail here and I can see this line kind of almost straight through the center point. And I'm my goal is to place the point in between me and the tail with my spine straight down that line right there like that. Now after this point, the outside center is going to continue to rotate and kind of place the point almost on a cat with the with the inside center. And now it's the outside center's responsibility not to hit the tail. So the tail is just going to go and the outside center is waiting and just seeing and you can really see him looking at his legs right behind the knee of the tail. And now at this point, he's he's referencing the inside center and setting himself up perpendicular to place the point right on the on the grips of the inside center. Now for the for the inside center, the blue, just like the point I'm looking at my first picture is going to be in a compressed right here. So I'm thinking about a bit of side sliding and already see my knee starting to go down here. I'm side sliding into my peace partner and rotating to place myself right on this on this line right here. There we go. I'm looking really long over my my right shoulder at the point and seeing this cat picture as well. And at this point, I'm thinking about squeezing in with my hip, you can still see my inside knee down and squeezing in with my hip into my peace partner to help keep that that piece small. And then the tail. So in the tail, just like in the outside center. The tail before it gets started can also see this is looking at this line straight through here and thinking about placing the inside center right on this line and having his spine along that line. So as as it compresses, he's putting himself on that line with the two with the two people that are being turned in between him and the outside center. He's also thinking about this this this cat picture here and then at this point, the tail is just is just going. He's committing to going right away and trusting that the outside center will wait. And then once it comes around again, you can see him really anchoring and and and helping to push the center point of the piece, keeping it squeezed in. Alright, so that's block one. So some some some keys for success. So a few, we talked about last time some solo drills that we can do that help us with these with with some of these blocks. And for point, definitely that backwards carve can be really helpful. So we can imagine you know if the if the point is starts here and is carving around a center point like around a circle like this in a tunnel, you could practice as point, what does it take to kind of carve around a circle this size staying parallel to a tangent line on that circle the whole time. Yeah. For a common thing for OC and tail is really seeing that first picture to prevent you from going around and pulling the piece pulling the piece the wrong way. So I'm placing the the person in my hand either the point of the inside center on that line and I'm placing myself on that line as well. And that's what keeps the center point in in the center point of the piece in in one place. For I see another another trick is keeping that hip pressure in so again, another another solo drill that I see could do just like what I was talking about for the point, but now going doing a forwards carve instead of a backwards carve we imagine the I see starting. If you're starting in in this spinal start from the beginning here. So the I see starting. Here. Right. And it's rotating around a circle like this. Ignore those other circles please. Anyway, the. Draw a better circle. So center points here and I'm rotating around a circle like there. So I can do a solo drill where I'm doing a forwards carve and staying perpendicular to a tangent line there and the trick is not letting that hip open up so it's it's pushing in with the with the lower body inside me down. Keeps my hip close to my piece partner the whole time. All right, any questions about block one. Why are the side bodies super close? Yeah, so this is a great question and it doesn't apply just to block one. There's a number of reasons why we want pieces to be small. One, their way we can control them way more. So this piece gets extended like this like my arms. I'm now like at the mercy of my piece partner. But when we have compression on the piece, it's way easier to control my piece partner in either slot. So that's number one. Number two, when we keep things smaller, the distances are smaller and smaller distances means faster block times. Additionally, if we want to spin something, if you think about like a ballerina or a figure skater, when they want to spin, what do they do? They get small. So there's just a number of reasons why keeping our pieces smaller. It lends itself to more control and smaller distances and faster spinning. Can you talk about I see aiding the point so that the step back holding the inside length grip for an extra second. Good idea or not. Okay, so the question is as inside center. Are you are am I hanging on to this leg? Am I hanging on to this leg and kind of guiding it through? Yeah, certainly I can, but I find that like it should be not at my own detriment. So I think it's I think it's small. You know, and you can see actually I am holding on a little bit. But I don't feel like I'm actually doing a whole lot. I'm kind of just it's just an easy guide. But I need to move my body that way as well. So if I'm just pushing the point, then it might stop me from moving my body as well. So I'm more like bringing in with me as I'm going. Next question. Ostees move. Are they pretty passive in keeping that side body or is it more of an aggressive move? So I'm I'm I'm really squeezing in on the piece and I'm thinking about actively staying in that side body picture. So maybe active is a better word than aggressive. It's certainly not passive either. But I'm actively placing myself on that line. Where I see people getting trouble is that they're super aggressive with the move. Then they can end up throwing their body over into this area here. So I'm actively flying myself right on to this line as outside center. Okay. So as tail and Oc, do we try and set up cheated? So we have gone away from that. We've we've started to be square because if I start cheated that starts to put my center point kind of further away. So we we start we start square and that helps with the compression of the piece and keeping it small. Seems like dropping the inside knee would resist the rotation. Same for 21. Yeah, this is an awesome question and and it was kind of an aha moment for us as on rhythm when we figured this out. We also same thing on block 16 for the back piece. So if I if I'm in a piece here, this way, no, so if I'm in a piece here and and this guy that's rotating if it just rotates, it immediately takes that hip away from the person that's turning them. And if you've ever been a person turning them, I'm sure you know exactly what that feels like when that when that hip starts to go, starts to go away. So we're fine. We found that to rotate within a piece, I want to do I want to actually push into my piece partner. And so the rotation is coming from I'm I'm side sliding. I'm kind of side sliding into my piece partner and I'm doing more with my upper body than I am with my lower body. But that compression in is what keeps the piece small and what keeps it turning. So I'm not turning my lower body away from my piece partner. Instead, I'm thinking about pressing into my piece partner. So yeah, so my camera's mirrored. So it's a little bit. It's a little bit confusing, but but but that's the idea there. And we use this in block 21, block 16, all this block 12 for the back piece as well. So, a more general question, but what's the best way to train? So both pieces keep the same fall rate. We tend to have one piece fall faster or slower than the other. Yeah. So, so one thing you can do is is do some of these blocks slowly, just focusing on just focusing on the levels. This is kind of more of a general answer, but when we when we train, the more we can we can have a very specific goal each time we do a block, you know, so if you think about like, you know, if I'm going to climb on mountain, I'm going to do it one step at a time. And if we can break our training into small steps. And so maybe one step of your training is we're going to get in there and do the blocks and we're not going to worry about anything else, but just having the pieces on level every time. And we're going to measure success that way. So then you would probably just debrief the on level view, the entire that entire session and count successes being on level every time. Another thing that might might help a lot. And I want to talk about this in in future sessions is a no grip lock drill as well. And that may help that may show where things, you know, where maybe somebody is dropping out when they're making a move or somebody's lifting up when they're making a move. The other thing that's going to help a lot is is making sure that the pieces are similarly compressed. So when a piece gets smaller, it can tend to get faster and we don't want it to drop. So so that's a skill working on is being able to make a piece small, but not let it drop. But but conversely, if we let a piece get big, this this creates a lot of lift and it becomes harder to harder to manage as well. If I'm letting a piece get big and I've got my legs way out to try and to try and turn or push that also gives me a lot of lift and that and I'm dealing with that as well. So those are some ideas that you can think of when you're when you're troubleshooting. Our back piece tended to translate backwards and it made the clothes difficult. What's the best way to avoid that? So I'm trying to think what help me understand by backwards. You mean south on the screen kind of like this this direction. I'm guessing. Tim. So assuming that it's a lot of it is about like if tail shifted backwards so kind of south southwestish you're saying yeah I think I think that's going to be a lot about that first picture right so if if we make this first picture happen. So the tail is you see right now the tail squeezing in and aiming to put himself right on this line. And that's going to keep that's going to keep us from allowing the center point to to drift over this way. The other thing that could make the center point drift over that way is that the inside centers to aggressive that way. So again the inside center thinking about placing themself right in this in this position. You could creep this and it would be really really useful to start on the creepers. And without grips have everybody just go right to that first picture the outside center until placing themselves on this line. The point and inside center placing themselves on that on that compressed and I have a feeling that that one of that one of the that somebody's going to say wow it's much smaller than I thought and that might solve your problem there Tim. It looks like the head switch on the two centers is slow by the two centers you mean the the two the point and inside center I imagine and yes for sure the reason for that is when we head switch we start to throw our hips away and that does that starts to take my hip away from my for my partner and remember we talked about all the reasons why we want this to be nice and square and and compressed. So I'm looking in really long so that means for for point yes I'm looking in through my piece partner really long for for inside centers I step out I'm looking long over the shoulder to see that those first two pictures and then when I get to the halfway point I'm just really mellow with my head switches I as I start to move to move back in. Great well that's it for block one. you you