 Okay, so here's block 11. We're going to watch it first. Okay, so the constraint in block 11, both pieces are doing a 360 shaving off some angle there with a little bit of translation. It's a lot like block six. We've got the point and tail moving first together at the same time and then the centers again moving together at the same time. Kind of a switching places a bit, not quite as much switching places on block six but similar. So the constraint is really how quickly and how small can we keep those two movements happening. Yeah. All right, so let's talk first about the build. So the build we're thinking about in the front, we want to compress and if we drew a line through this compressed, it should hit the back of the tail tricep. So what that does is it kind of draws the tail a little bit forward and puts his knee right in front of the outside center here and that makes it easier for the tail to make that first move. We want like look at this nice kind of round space in the middle of the 11. We're looking for we're looking for that and that happens by the inside center kind of stepping back a little bit, drawing that tail forward and seeing this nice space between you know in here and the 11. Outside center and inside center are kind of at a 45 degree angle with each other too, you know as I'm when I'm in there, as I'm looking at Steve here, I'm kind of at a 45 degree angle to him and then the tail as well. So that's the build. We can also start the build with just a little bit of level. So the front piece just a little bit high and the back piece just a little bit low. Alright so the key is coming from inside center and outside center together and it's really important that you know we're kind of picking up our piece partner and picking up the opposite wing at the same time and letting go at the same time because with the key we want the two wings to be able to move together at the same time. Remember we talked about that on block six how for the centers on king and then moving at the same time. Here we want the key is coming from the centers but we want the wings to start moving together at the same time and they get that information by the centers both letting go of that grip at the same time. So as a center I'm looking across, I'm picking up that grip and I'm letting go of it at the same time and king. So the key is coming from both at the same time and then the first picture. So if we imagine our we have a photon here with the compressed kind of down this line. So now if you imagine like a line 45 degrees through there we want the next photon to be on that line. So the points thinking about is going to end up right here and the outside center is going to end up right here and the tail is going to end up over here and the inside center is going to end up over here. So that first picture we're looking for we're going to that first photon right there 45 degrees off of where the build was. You see that? Everybody see that? So here's this line through here. Yeah. So that's the first picture and then the second picture is the close and we're aiming for another photon kind of 45 degrees off of this. So 90 degrees off of the start with the outside center here. The point will be here. The inside center is going to be over here and the tail will be here. Yeah. I'll do see that. So we'll do all these lines for us and then as they go and there's the close and the close then is happening 90 degrees off of where we started. 45 degrees in the first move 45 degrees in the second move. As far as levels we talked about we're building a little bit of levels in. I'll show you the on view on level view here. So we're building just a little bit of levels in in the build. You can see already the difference between the outside center Steve here and and the tail dug. But within the pieces the pieces are flat and that's something we talked about on a lot of the other blocks too and it's just as important on this block as it is as it is any block that the pieces are that the levels within the piece remain flat through the whole move. So in the first move is when we're getting all of our levels there's that halfway point. You can see everybody looking and placing themselves on that 45 degree line and then now from the from the first picture to the close it should be all fixing levels. There's no more creating levels after that point. It's all fixing levels and being back on level. Yeah. So okay. What is each position thinking about? So if I'm point in the build I'm thinking about placing myself on this line with my knee very close to the center. You know what I'm looking down this line and seeing that that line going through the through the tricep of the tail. Yeah. On the first move I can also at this point if I'm point c where I'm going to. So right now you can see that you're going to right here. So that first move for the point is a bit of a backwards and carve around. Yeah. And this is something we can do on the creepers and really helps us too if we lie down, lie everything down on the creepers on a grid on the ground and for the point build and then look at where you're going and think about just creep yourself right to that spot. It's often way shorter than the point thanks. You know, and all the moves are like that. Yeah. So once the point is here so he's thinking about a little bit of backwards carve a little bit of knees together and that inside knee down without letting the butt come up too much. He's going to that spot. All right. And then now once he's here he's it's going to rotate kind of right around his center. He's a roachered around his center point and help guide the outside center. So now as the point's looking down this line he can see where it's going to finish right it's going to finish with the outside center here and with the point here really with his knee right in this spot. So it's the clothes is a lot of rotation for the point to the clothes. Yeah. And remember we talked about we talked about before how if we can have catches rotating to the clothes how much easier it is to get out of. So it's really nice if the point can think about rotating to the clothes it makes that clothes for the inside center very rotational and easy to get out of. So now as a point he's just kind of rotating in place again with that inside knee down that left knee down rotating in place and thinking about placing this knee this right knee right in that spot that he could see where the where the 11 was going to finish uh you know at the halfway point. So that's the point. He's helping a little bit with levels in the beginning and then and then helping with levels from from one to two and then from two back to uh to the clothes he's he's helping fix levels by arching and staying on level with the outside center. All right um let's talk now about the outside center. All right so same thing outside center is thinking about building um building on this line uh think about firing straight to that line so that you open up um open up the space and allow the point to to put his knee right on that line as well um looking at the inside center so that we can coordinate picking up that that um grip on the tail with the with the um inside center's grip on the point and keying it together. That's a big part of that first move for the outside center and then for the outside center I'm seeing this line again and I'm helping to place the point right here on that line. So what does that mean? For me and in outside center it almost feels like I need to go a little bit to my to my right or kind of this way. I don't want to go around if the outside center ends up over here then the points never going to get over here you know so I need to think about kind of helping bring bring this grip that's in my left hand to my right a little bit yeah and I'm also thinking about squeezing that hip in um to keep the um so this this this this left knee is down squeezing into the point to to keep it um to keep the shape of that compressed yeah so that's the first move and look how hard the outside center is still looking at the inside center here really long yeah so now in the second move the outside center has a clear view of where I'm going in the for the close you know so if we've got if I place myself on this 45 degree line in the beginning and now I'm going right to here and the outside center should see this spot right here that I'm going to and it's just like the excuse me the first move for the point it's a bit of a backup and rotation a backwards carb needs together inside knee down um to to back up and carve right into this spot here yeah as he's doing that he's backing up he's looking he's doing a really mellow head switch he's only looking in front of him at the point at which that inside center is going to be in front of him we never see him looking over the straight shoulder he's always looking just straight in front of him and that comes from that really late head switch and so again here now he's thinking about setting up on on this line and rotating the piece all the way to that line again focusing on rotation to the close really helps the close rather than starting to try and go after and go after that tail strip piece think about spinning the piece all the way to the close all right for the inside center um you know very focused on the build drawing that tail forward seeing um I see this line and I think about placing myself back you know this way of this way of the this way of the line so that I that I help the tail put their put their tricep right on that line yeah I'm also thinking about giving a little bit of levels matching what the tail's doing you know so that so that I'm nice and low in there all right and then on that first move so for the inside center um I'm seeing I'm keying with the outside center like we talked about at the same time excuse me and I'm seeing this 45 degree line and so I'm thinking about taking this grip and kind of assisting it this way and placing my tricep right on this 45 degree line so it's a little bit of a of a rotation and kind of letting letting this grip travel across the across the formation and then rotating and placing my tricep right on that right on that line so you can see me I'm kind of digging in with this uh right knee to help bring this grip across and then I'm rotating to place my tricep right on that line there yeah yeah once I see this halfway picture so I see that that the tail and I are on this picture and I see that the front piece is also on that line then I'm timing my move with the outside center and I'm going again I see where the clothes is it's right over here so I'm going kind of in a direction this way and then I get my translation done and now it's all rotation to the clothes again for all the reasons that we've talked about having wanting rotation to the clothes right and then for the tail so for the tail thinking about stepping forward into the build so that we put that knee in front of the outside center not back in like we don't want that that grip back in here at all on him so that's going to allow the tail to have kind of a straight his knees not going to go under the outside center it's only going to go under the point if he steps forward enough there yeah so for the tail again I think and I get for everybody it's really helpful to creep this block because you can get down on the creepers and the tail can look at okay here's this 45 degree angle and that means the tail's going right to here yeah so it's a side slide in a rotation as he's going through and he's placing himself right on that line right there yeah in the second move now just like in the other slots now the tail sees okay we're going to place the finished 11 here so he's thinking about placing his rotating helping this grip travel down this line just like the inset center in the first move and then finishing with his tricep right on this line so he's helping that move and then he's rotating to the clothes and putting it putting the clothes right on this line here okay some some keys to success so as I mentioned I think I think creeping this block is really really useful for teams a lot of times I find people are going too far or going to the wrong place or or trying to go you know too much too much at each other you know and when we realize that I'm just going you know for the for the front piece we're just going from here to in to in this quadrant and then to over here and then for the back piece we're going just into onto this 45 and then onto the 90 that simplifies a lot some some solo drills that can help especially for the front piece is that backwards carve you know on a backwards carve with a little bit of up without letting the butt come up too much you know as soon as we let let that butt come up then then we're not as effective with our legs and and our inputs so um um you know going up by just a little bit of flattening out not butt up maybe getting a little bit big realizing too we don't need a ton of levels usually we don't it only takes a little bit yeah yeah um for tail getting that move started can be can be tricky so um some things I like to sell tail is is making sure that they arrive in that build nice and poised with a nice straight spine and and in a good body position um and they're thinking about side sliding and then rotating so a solo drill here would be a super positional move where I'm doing a side slide in 90 degree rotation um and uh yeah and then the other thing I would I would say is as much as we can get the two pieces rotating to the close it makes the clothes feel a lot nicer all right um I want to talk a little bit about flat elevens so um for um for newer teams or teams that are even having having trouble with dealing with the levels doing the elevens flat is a great way to go I it's not a whole lot slower and uh and taking out that that vertical can really um can really solve a lot of a lot of problems for teams so um the the technique is is has a lot of similarities um all right so the build is the build is similar right we're we're looking for this line going straight to the tails uh uh bicep and then we're aiming to go kind of to the same places the the points trying to do a backwards carve over to over to here again on this 45 degree line the only difference is instead of the tail going under the point to do it but the tail's going to do is he's going to go from here he's going to think about kind of folding in around this grip like he could present a side body to the inside center so that fold in has to happen first and then they kind of back up past each other there's kind of an intermediate picture that looks kind of like a bunty block block 12 it's got like a three-way compressed with a side body you know so so this is flat the tail folds in first and then backs up past the point the point needs to wait for the tail to kind of do that fold in before they can before they can start backing around and then we're kind of you know looking for a similar picture here um we sometimes don't get quite as much translation on this uh on this technique because because we don't have the level so you can see the for the front piece there 45 is a little bit this way and the back piece there 45 is a little bit this way and we'll just more rotation to the close to fix that in a minute um so then in the second move just like the first move now um the outside center is really watching the inside center the inside center is aiming to fold in and back up past the uh past the outside center again we have kind of a three-way compressed as the two cross and then now we're just thinking about rotating to the close and keeping the pieces close so as you can see it it it it rotated just a little bit more you know so we had 45 degrees more rotation so how much time is 45 degrees more rotation it's not a lot and if not if not dealing with levels helps your team I think do this all day long it'll it'll it'll be great uh all right questions about block 11 put them in the comments and I'll answer them here okay I find it hard to communicate the key to the point especially since they have one of the first moves any tips so yeah I think this is where um you know the point can see the key coming from the the is going to see the tail moving but before that honestly the point understands the key by the outside center letting go um so uh uh so that's where it becomes really important for outside center and inside center to pick up that grip take a really good grip at the same time together that gives point a ton of information that okay it's on together and now it's about to get keyed and if I feel that let go together then the point knows that that that they're going so I would say as outside center I'm not really the only communication I can give is I can give a little bit of that that that pull the point across but at that point if the point doesn't know it's been keyed then then we've missed something on the on picking up grips so I would put that on the outside center and inside center picking up that grip together taking a really good grip so that the point feels it and letting go at the same time um so the question is if a team is flying the build is more of a flow through style key it sometimes feels like the OC is going away from me in the build requiring a fairly aggressive change in direction at the key how much flow through do you find helpful and anything tail can do better to facilitate this so yes so I understand so um the question here so as we get as we get quicker and quicker at this block um and it goes back to two feeling that that key like if if all four people can be involved in making the build happen at the same time then it gets to a point where tail and and point know that they're arriving at the same time they know the grips are being picked up together at the same time and they can keep moving so they never have to stop and wait for kind of wait for a key although yes they are still you know they are still feeling the grip and they're not going until it gets keyed if if something were wrong they would stop but but we're we're aiming to to try and let the point and tail arrive at the same time so they can keep we call it flowing through so this question is um in that build sometimes this person feels like the outside center is kind of already backing away and I would say I would actually ask the outside center to to to not do that like that first move um we need to still have a good build um a good build there and and so when we talk about um sometimes when we talk about constraint we also talk about who's who's got the who's has the most difficult um start to a block because often starting a block is is uh constraints how quickly we can do a block and for the 11 the tail really getting that tail going is is is the trickiest part for the for you know initiating this move on the 11 so we want to do everything we can for the tail to have a good build that they can that they can be in a good position to keep going um so in this case I would I would look on the creepers you know and you could get on the creepers and build and even even do like the first you know 30 30 degrees of the move to practice that build and go so that the outside center can think about that that flow through without without backing away in the builder even in even in the first move yeah all right uh um yeah so uh uh just a note from Stephen and I agree with him on this too wait for the tail you know so we talked about that that they have that that move getting going can be tricky and the best way to approach that is just to have the mindset of like embracing it and not not trying to um muscle it or do too much just arrive with a good body position and know that it can be hard get going not don't force anything and just just just push your way on through there but nice and controlled and confident even though it uh it may not feel as as good as it does I know for me often I'll get in there and I'll feel like oh it's a lot harder to keep going but then when I watch myself it's it's not uh it's not as all it's not as at all as slow as it feels and I know that other people feel that way too so I think just embracing that mindset is great um so uh here's a question as a tale I had a hard time initiating the move which you talked about but also throughout the whole move there was a lot of push pull in the piece it never felt smooth any advice to coordinate the back piece this is a great question it's a great kind of general question too any time a piece feels like that often it means that um the piece partners are going away from each other and and I think we talked about this in previous and uh previous sessions but any piece we want us we want to be moving through our piece partners so we should never feel like I'm getting pulled by this grip or I'm or I'm fighting where we're trying to go so what that means um for the tale so often they can feel that way for the tale if the tale tries to go over so in the first move we're trying to get this center point to go over here and the tale is traveling right into this spot here if this grip doesn't travel this way or if either person in this piece doesn't help get that grip going that wrong way then it's going to start to stretch and we're going to feel that within the piece and it's going to feel like pushing and pulling so how does that happen often if the tale is going too deep under there you can see how if the tale went this way and took the grip like this it's going to pull the inside center over this way well alternatively if the inside center kind of just leaves this grip where he is and rotates in place or goes around or goes ends up over in this area then there's the tale's going this is going to get stretched out and it's going to feel like it's pulling as well so a way I would say to solve this is to get on the creepers and and and feel the feel where the pieces are moving and have both people agree where that grip is traveling to and see if you can move even without a grip and just make that grip travel along this along this line into into into a short short place there yeah what else is there so what that means to another way to think about it for the inside inside center he's going this way notice how that that puts his his direction kind of into his piece partner all of our moves we all want them going into our piece partners and that keeps that feeling like it's pulling all right on the close i inside center tend to have to fly towards point to get the grip is this from over rotation of the back piece under rotation of the front or possibly both so yes it could be there could be a number of things right we have to we have to close distances when a few things happen if we're not timed the same then it's not going to have it then then we're not going to end up in the same place at the same time if we go too far then we're doing we're making too much translation that we don't need then we're going to have to do translation to fix it at the end so that can be another thing often they can be related so because we're crossing over each other if we're not timed at the same time then we tend to go too far to avoid falling on top of each other so those two can be those two can be related if one piece is rotating too much and one piece is not rotating enough that can also create odd distances that we have to make up so the the what I would what I would have you do is start on the creepers and do that that exercise I talk about where put yourselves on the creepers and have everybody without grips fly to that first picture and then fly to that second picture so that we all understand exactly where we're going and then you could do the same thing in the tunnel you could do it without grips and have everybody just fly right to that first picture right to that second picture and I think that'll highlight where you're getting those distances from yeah just a reminder to so all the discussion before about about making it feel good within a piece we talked a lot about flying ourselves to that to that right place and it's important that that like 90% of what I'm doing is flying if I start pulling or yanking that can often pull me in the wrong spot and actually do the opposite of what I'm trying to do so I think if it feels like it's pulling and stuff having having both people ease up on on that grip maybe even do it without fly it without grips and the tunnels are great drill or fly it where you get your hand on on the on the gripper but not not closed so that you so that you don't you're not you're not pulling on each other and you're really using it more of a guide and and flying yourself to the right spot