 We'll watch it first. Okay, so I'm talking about the list. So first the build, the point Taylor facing in just like a star and we're building it. Either nice and square or somewhere between totally square to with the the knee. The. This knee of the center, the knee that they're kind of looking down the side firing kind of straight up into the the crotch of the opposite of the opposite center. So that's that's about the amount of offset that we do. Yeah. So here's the build. The key is going to come from the point and tail. They're going to see each other and again, just like just like we've talked about if they pick up grips at the same time, it's going to be easy for them to key at simultaneous give the same time. And again, this is really important because now we want a good simultaneous key gives the outside center and inside center a good chance of starting their turn at the same time, which then gives everybody a good chance of turning at the same pace and the close all everything else that happens. So to make that key happen at the same time, the point Taylor going to take the right grip first and then the left and they're going to look across and see so I'm picking up this grip and so I'm picking up. This grip first, if I'm tail and then this grip and as I'm picking up the script, I'm also looking across and seeing that this as this grip is getting picked up and then we're both agreeing and letting go at the same time. Like that. So there's the key. The first picture. So as the this one too needs to call it a little bit. So as the outside center and inside center turn in. So there's a picture like we could take side bodies. The others like a side body picture here. Side body picture about to happen here side body picture here and a side body picture here. Right now the in where I've caused this. The point and outside center are doing in the best example of it. And again, just like on block seven, if we make this happen, then the call is going to happen. What we want is we want the center's heads to be getting into the center before the knees of the wings are coming through. So making this first picture happen is what's going to do that. That's the first picture. The second picture. Is is is right here with with the centers facing in. And the wings in a in kind of a stair step picture. Look more at the point with the points doing in this example right now. Yep. So as the as the centers are are facing in. We have like a stair step. Right. And then as we're finishing the rotation. Right before the close. There's almost like like two cats. And then we're going to see the same thing here side by side right and or like we can also see almost like a like a stair step like the point and tail or in a stair step picture. And the centers are almost done with their turn. And they're also going to pick up. They're going to pick up right grip at the same time. And then they're picking up the left grip at the same time. And then they're picking up the right grip at the same time. So what is the other person and looking across and seeing the other person and keying the clothes at the same time. So what is each person thinking about. For the build. And doing that by seeing by turning and seeing this side body picture happen. So this this this guy right here is kind of seeing this side body picture happen seeing this head comes through before the knee in this. And then seeing that side body picture inside center. The tail is seeing that side body picture with the outside center and seeing that this head is coming through before this knee. At that point, I'm thinking about kind of turning in place from there. At the very close if I'm a point or a tail. At this point where you know I've done a done a 360. And then if we're not in sync here, especially for a newer team, I would have these two stop here and sync up right now. There's no point in one person turning out if the other person isn't isn't there. You know, then you're making the other person do all the work of staying close to you. So I'm syncing up with this with this person and I'm going to see. I'm really seeing this last 180 very much coordinated with my with my opposite wing. I'm also seeing with point, point, single tail, seeing the stair step picture and then see how much how coordinated they are making that close happen at the same time. Yeah, so that's for point and tail. For outside center and inside center. So on the beginning, I'm thinking about just getting my head in and syncing up my turn with the opposite center. So in the cog is mostly happening from the from the wings. I'm thinking about getting my my head into the center and lining up straight. So I see the side by picture and then and then at this point, being having my head in straight with the with the opposite center. I'm, you know, seeing my head travel through the center. And then I'm thinking about just having a nice good center point turn, not letting my spine twist. And finishing the turn all the way. Looking at the opposite center as I close. And again, taking right. Left. Key. Yeah. All right. Any any any questions. Yeah, so I see you snag the inside gripper on the clothes is a correct to think of guiding the out face or with that group. Yes, I do think that I think we talk about that both on the build and on the clothes. So the question is, you know, when I talk about building right and then left. I'm actually taking the inside grip on the right and the outside grip on the left. And as I pick up that inside grip on the right, I can help by by help that that out face or like kind of putting them in the right place. And then I can do that. So both on the build and on the clothes as well. I can I can do that on the clothes. The thing I would say is yet yes, but that should never happen at the at the. At the risk of not turning on center, not finishing my turn, not stopping. You know, sometimes I see people like so, so wanting to get that grip that then they're not stopping themselves. So I think that's great. And if I've done everything well, it's going to just be it's going to be right there. And if my teammates are kind of setting up everything. But yeah, we can we can communicate a lot through those grips. That's also why it's really important on any block, but especially this block to take really good grips. So see that that inside grip take a nice firm. Good grip that communicates with my with with my teammate that that I've got them and that them kind of helping them put in the right place. And then taking a nice firm grip on the outside of the other. Yeah. See. Any other questions. Yeah, so 14 can be a tough one to transition from the tunnel to the sky in my experience. How can that be done smoothly? Or how do you train in the tunnel effectively that transitions well to the sky? So, Yes. And I think I think the big thing and on any block like this that has out facing in the tunnel. If we don't really make sure that we're looking across and we're using each other as reference. We can be in the right spot because there's only so many places to be in the tunnel, especially if I'm in a smaller tunnel or 14 or even a 12 foot tunnel. There's not very far you can go. So a lot of times we can get away with not looking in the tunnel. And then when we get to the sky if we're not looking, we're probably not going to be in the right place. So I think the big thing is it's just it's about looking and about seeing through the entire process. So for what can you do in the tunnel so that it effectively transitions the sky is really be. Really be diligent about making sure you're looking and seeing each other. Yeah. And looking across. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Yeah. I'm looking. I'm looking across in my opposite and seeing the everything on both sides of me. I'm not just looking at this grip or if I'm turning like the big thing is when I'm turning out facing. I'm just looking out at the wall of the tunnel. I'm looking back and really setting up off of also that outside outside person. There's also a lot of solo drills we can do in the tunnel where you just just start. Start in like a two way star with somebody else and both people turn out facing into a bipolar really setting up off the other person and then turn back. Yeah. You know, that's that's the point at which if we're not looking things can get things can get tricky. Yes, we also emphasize a big snap on the key to communicate to the alpha. So you can see almost nothing. Yeah. So this is why like the. I'm going to go to the center of the tunnel. As I pick up that grip. I'm very clearly on so that when I let go. I'm also very clearly off. I can also as I get as I get a little more advanced. I can. With my left hand. So if I'm tail on the outside center or point on the inside center. I can give that that center a shove with the leg to say, you know, go. I'm making or anything like that because I think it can be confusing. I think it's about just being super confident picking up the grip and letting go of the grip to super confidently and together at the same time. So recognize that if I'm an outfacer and I've got I've got one person on my on my in the inside of my right leg. Say I'm inside the car got the tail and inside of my right leg. I've got the point on the outside of my left leg. If they let go at different times. It's very hard to know was it keyed was it not keyed when was it keyed. So that's why it's got to be together at the same time and very confident from both from both partners and that's going to allow the center to know it's time to go right now. Yeah. Question. What's the best way to try to match your cross partner's speech or the faster one slow down. So we match the speed in that first in that first 180. So when I'm going from the outfacing to into where I'm facing straight with the opposite center. And I'm talking about for the centers. That's when I'm thinking of, yeah. So yeah, if if I'm if I'm behind I'm going to go a little bit quicker if I'm ahead I'm going to slow down a little bit more just thinking of it's like a like a dance like if you're dancing with your partner, you would you would work and work to be moving together at the same time. Yeah. Another note too we talked about you know using those grips if you're the in face or to help the out faceer and that's great, but just a reminder to the out faceers aren't relying on that grip. They're also still looking and setting up as to the thoughts question, but they they have to be looking the whole time. You