 All right, so here's block 10. Okay. Constraint on block 10, it's the back piece. So the front piece has a 180. The back piece has a 360. The 360 is what's going to take us the time. Another thing too is just recognizing we've got from the start. If this is the center points of these two pieces are here and here. At the close, they actually get a little bit closer to each other. So right there, now the center points are kind of here and here. So what that means is, you know, when we talk about constraints and what's what what causes a block to stay fast is we want these center points. We don't want them to get any further away from than they are right now. We want to keep them close and then actually travel them travel them closer. So it's about how quickly can we get the back piece around and how tight can we keep these two these two center points through the move. Yeah. All right. So now talking about the list. The build. We're building. We're building a diamond. Facing facing north on the screen here like this. Notice some things to notice notice that the centers are parallel with each other. And it's nice and wide for the tail. We want. Because the tail has the the back piece we've already said is a constraint and the tails doing most of the driving here. We want him to have a really nice easy start and he can do that by having these two grips equal, equal distance, you know, nice and wide and equal to each other, not one in front of the other or vice versa. All right. So here's our build and then notice the point is a little bit cheated to the to the left. Here. All right. So the key is going to come from the tail. He's picking up that left grip and he's keying and going. And his movement and key is what it was what gives the point the the information to move. All right. So now the first picture. The tail is is aiming to put his knee. We want to see. And then this knee kind of by the year of the inside center and it'll end up right about here. So the tail is thinking about moving forward and we're ending up with. A knee kind of in a compressed picture here. Yeah. And then as that happens, the we've got a side body picture here on the on the front piece. And at this point, there's a we see like the the knees go through the center here, the outside centers right knee goes first. And then we've got the inside centers knee kind of in between in between the legs and then this needs to kind of cogs like a gear when everything's working really nicely. We've got a little bit of that. We also have a little bit of levels. So it's not it's not critical. But that's that's kind of the timing that we're looking for for the outside centers needs to go through there. The aiming for his first need to go just ahead of the inside centers need a second need to go just behind the first leg of the inside center. And then for the clothes, the front pieces is aiming to end up with the outside center on the line that the point started on. But but a little further south and the back piece is doing exactly a 360 and ending up here and notice to the center points. So, you know, we start here and we're ending up with the the the closing formation is smaller than the getting formation. So this center point has to travel this way a bit and this center point is going to travel this way a lot more to make those those two clothes. So if we watch. You could see those center points traveling to that to that spot. Yeah. Levels. So if there are any levels, it's the back piece is going up just a little bit for the outside centers legs to clear that initial move. But notice how flat and this is to to your question, Gorka, check out Doug's body position here. He's just put on a ton of of input with his legs that would normally make my legs pitch way high. But he's we've practiced a skill a lot and look how flat he's able to keep his body as he puts in that input. And then the inside center me here. I'm staying on level with him. So our piece stays nice and flat. Yeah. Okay. And then once that happens now, we're thinking about coming back on level and we're back on level for the clothes. And then the front piece is just thinking about being low and heavy in there as it goes through. All right. What is each person thinking about? All right. So for point, I'm thinking about this this bill being a little bit cheated. And then my very first move. I'm just going from from from here to a side body like like I'm presenting a side body to the outside center leaving the center point that grip, which is my knee right where it is. So he's stepping right to there. Yeah. At that point for point now recognize we said we want we want this grip is going to. If the points looking, he can see he's going to finish kind of over here somewhere. We want this grip, which is his need to travel this way. So he's thinking about pressing into his piece partner a little bit a little bit of a side slide left knee down and waiting for the outside center to get out of his way so that he can kind of slide and then rotate and end up forward in this spot. You could see his knee, his knee down right there is he's he's pressing pressing it forward into that spot. Okay. For outside center. Okay. All right. For outside center, I'm thinking about the being in a build a nice even build with the inside center often that might mean, you know that I have to use it back up a little bit or the inside center needs to set forward a little bit, but, but I'm just seeing that this is even here and it's nice and wide. And then as it gets keyed for outside center as it gets keyed. I'm staying I'm keeping this hip here to allow the tail to get through and then and then, but I'm also I've kind of got the kind of a little bit of like foot on the gas and the clutch at the same time so that as soon as the tail goes through I'm starting to go. It's a it's a forward and rotate to put my head kind of right right here on the center and I'm seeing looking and aiming for that need to go just ahead of the inside centers need. But my target is my target is to end up with my head right right here on the center. Yeah. So as outside center, I can see that in the build right. Right here in the build, I can already see where I want to end up, which is going to be right here with my head right here and my body. Like kind of right where the point was facing facing straight at the tail. So as and as we said before, the front piece has has half of the rotation to do so so they have they have a lot of time. It's really about setting up a good picture for the back piece. All right inside center. And in the build, I'm thinking about this, you know, being square with the outside center and being nice and wide. A lot of times that might mean I need to step forward into there. I'm also taking a really good grip on the point because the point doesn't have a ton of information. He's going to see the tail going and he's going to feel me let go. I mean, it's always great to take a good grip, but especially here, I really make sure I take a nice good grip. All right. And then on the move for inside center, you'll see it initially backs up a bit. And I'm not actually thinking about backing up. I'm just as the tail is going and pulling on me, I'm allowing it to back up just a little bit. In fact, you can see my legs are kind of going out a bit. I'm almost almost preventing it from backing up more than it needs to. And I'm holding my ground and kind of assisting with allowing the tail to get in a compressed picture with me. And then right at the moment before the tail would actually his hips would start to hit me and we'd start to like collide is when I initiate a little bit of a backwards car. Is that backwards part skill that we've talked about before? I'm just staying. I've got this inside me down. I'm pressing into my piece partner and I'm staying in this compressed picture as long as I possibly can. Once we've got to this point here. And the we've gotten almost to a 180. I can see the front piece starting to set up and I can see that it's happening kind of, you know, I'm going to need to go straight down this line. And at this point, I'm thinking about pushing back. You saw my arms coming out. My knees are coming together. And I'm thinking about getting my momentum moving moving back or kind of north on the screen here. Without opening my upper body up. The longer that I can help the tail stay compressed, the more power he has turning that piece. Just see how compressed we stay and how long we stay compressed. And I'm thinking about my my my feet are now coming in and on the bottom getting that back up. And only, you know, late. Do I open up? And finish. Yeah. It's I'm I'm seeing that close really long over my over my left shoulder. All right, for the tail. The tails first move. He's thinking about he's got to get his he's getting into that compressed picture we talked about. So he's thinking about taking his knee. His left knee. And putting it kind of by where the armpit of the inside center is right now. So how does he get there? At first, he's kind of in a. He's almost in a side body. You see that. And then his head actually goes back in order for him to get into like a compressed picture is close to a compressed picture as he can be. Yeah. He's got his arm way back there and that's to that's to show the judges that he's not taking grip. He's not taking another grip on the inside center. Yeah, when we're practice this, that's that's it's important, but it's not the first thing to worry about. I would I would just get the move and then once we get the move and then the tail can practice putting their hand back there. Then at this point, the tail's just thinking about keeping this like a compressed the whole time. So we get to the 180 now. The tail is anchoring and helping to helping to get the inside center moving north so that they can so at this point, like if you look at actually how look how close the tail is to where he wants to finish is right here. So really, he just now needs the inside center to get out of his way so that he can go straight to straight from where he is to where he's finishing. So he's thinking about he's got the inside center in his right hand, like assisting that how like throwing the frisbee, assisting that down down this line, getting that inside center out of the way so that he can just go straight to where he finished where the block's going to finish. Alright, keys to success for block 10. The build is huge and I think get on the creepers and build it until the tail really feels comfortable with the build and the start. I think with different tails that have different body lengths and different reaches they'll have different preferences for how wide they want it and everything but getting the centers even and getting the tail comfortable is easy. The tail comfortable is really important. We also look for like a nice squatty build, not not a long a narrow build, but kind of a shortened and wide build. Yeah. Another key to success is just that relationship between the inside center and the tail. Often it's very easy for the inside center to open up early. Doug and I have done a ton of two way drills on block 10 without grips with grips. I'm really just working on how long can we stay compressed and for the inside center that move is about just keeping keeping my shoulder as close to his hip as possible without letting it run into me like a train car, you know, but I'm just it's a slow backwards car staying in that compressed with with the tail. In the front some keys to success or just just being aware of that center point so if you're the point it's your it's your knee if you're the outside center it's your hand. I don't know if I mentioned it but this block is a single slot switcher it switches just the outside center in the point. Okay questions on block. Block 10. For tail how much is really raw power versus technique to execute this block I find this block being one of the hardest of all blocks is tail as a tail flyer so yeah I mean I think it is one of the most physical blocks but I would say using technique is going to get you the most gain and will will will make it make it fast and you know I guess a good example of that is when I'm in we're in B slots i'm turning Doug who's got you know some. Pounds on me and so we've we've learned that doing the technique and both of us pushing it on that piece allows me to spin it really fast and I think I think you know fast enough that that we can be we can be competitive and either configuration so I would say. It's get the technique right first and then once you have the technique right then you can then you can put a ton of power on it but it shouldn't be power to to overcome you know the the piece not feeling right now. What's with tail moving their left arm back so yeah I mentioned this but i'll talk about it again so basically the the rules are. In a piece we can't take an assisting grip within the within the piece as we move it so you can imagine if the tail moved and he just took my side body and then spun me around like a side like a spun around the side body that could be that could be faster so you're not allowed to do that so he has to show he because he gets so close. You can imagine if his arm was in front right now it might look on the video like he was actually picking up my grip so he has to show that he's not taking that grip and he does that by throwing his hand back and vice hit. Yep. The tails left arm drops down flat against the side how does he compensate during this broken flying to keep level and not picture roll yeah and so this is a just a solo drill and you can see. He's using a lot of a lot of legs look how notice how wide his legs are he's using a nice wide stance for stability he's working on being nice and flat and and and honestly it's just hours of doing this specific move in solo drills and two way drills with me in in no grip drills. It's just a lot of practice but but but yes for sure it's he's he's only putting his arm back in as much as he can as he can handle with his own flying. And to be honest to like he doesn't it doesn't need to be all the way back here usually usually if even if it's just out 90 degrees that's probably going to be going to be pretty close or close enough for for a lot of teams you know so I would start there and then when that starts to look. Then when we get so compressed that starts to be an issue then then you can kind of slowly move it back. So you can see that he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and he's using a lot of the legs and