 Okay, here's block 16. Block 16 switches just the front piece. Let's see if this is done. For all the slot switching blocks in the app, it shows the first one is us in A slots and the second one is the B slot. So you can actually look at it and you can see which one switched for the second time. That can also let you know which ones are single slot switches and which ones are double slot switches. So block 16, the constraint, both pieces are spinning 270. So it's pretty similar. I guess you could argue that compress spins quicker forward. So the back piece can sometimes get ahead, but it's pretty close. The other thing that sets the time on this block is just keeping everything small and keeping the center points close so that the catch is guaranteed. All right, build. Again, we're building it on a line straight from point to tail here. And we're aiming for it to be everybody to be nice and parallel and really small and tight, like especially within my pieces. Notice how all the elbows are 90 degrees or less. Now, so for the picture, we're aiming the 16 if it starts here on a line from point to tail. So we're aiming for it to finish in a box just slightly to the to the east on the screen. So the center points of the piece are going to travel all of this way, all of this way. And each, each, each picture is going to is going to slide slightly slightly east. The idea is that if I'm on the outside, I'm just squeezing straight in. I'm not going around. So this is the build. The key is coming from outside center and inside center together. We want, we want them to be able to initiate their move at the same time. And often the outside center has to go forward and then back up where the inside center is going forward and going to continue going forward. So we're kind of timing the key and that initial move, mostly with the outside center's readiness to switch to switch direction and start backing up. So the key happens and that move happens together. The first picture is a box. With the point and tail with their sides right along that line that the that the 16 started on that the build started on. You see that. And here again, here's this the back pieces doing the forward compressed in and you can see that inside knee pressing down, pushing into my piece part into the same technique we talked about. I don't really like that my leg is all the way out over here. There it comes in. All right, then the next picture is a compressed. Also a little bit east of of where we were here notice notice how small these pieces still are. And then finally the close is a box just like we talked about with the with the outside center and inside center next to the line that it started on. Yeah, so see how the center points of the pieces traveled this way and traveled this way. Okay, as far as levels goes, it's all flat and we're just trying to think about keeping it flat within the within the pieces. Yep, the key on the clothes is the inside center. So this grip as this comes this the point can kind of pick up this grip and allow it to fold out so that usually by the time this gets picked up it's all done and we can key it and move on. What is each slot thinking. As point I'm thinking about the build and my knee and having my knee close to the inside center. So that so that it's nice and small in here. Yeah, and on that first move, if we think about I'm going from as point I'm going from here to kind of here. I'm it's it's again that backwards car, but I'm thinking about letting the outside center get out of my way so I can I can kind of side slide in and then back up. So you can see his left knee is going down he's pushing in he's not going to back up until he gets that that opening and then now he's kind of backing through there he's going from from from here to from up here to there. So he's looking really long over his over his left shoulder and right now he's seeing he can see where that next compressed picture is is going to be right here. The point is already seeing where where he's going to and now without head switching early he can go straight to there and notice he hasn't he hasn't really started looking only now as he started to look over his right shoulder. And at this point now that grip is going to be right in front of him and he can kind of grab it and let it continue down that line for the close and key the the close with the inside center. All right, the outside center. So I'm thinking about stepping into this. And then just like the start of block two, once I get in my initial move is a backup so I'm arriving with a good body position not super pitch so that I can start backing up as I get in there you can already see his knees coming together to initiate that backup move. So I'm starting here I know my first that first box picture is right here so it's a bit of a backup and a rotation it's a backwards car for the outside center is thinking about placing himself right in that picture for that first box. And then here now he's pushing his lower body in for the for the compressed. And then now he in this compressed here he's looking and he can see where he's going to finish is right here so it's a lot of slide slide a lot of that left knee down and rotation to place himself right at the close. We're just making all those all those compress pictures happen. Right on the back. And inside center I'm thinking about stepping into the center. I'm taking we are taking the outside's first and then the inside and as I take this grip I'm aware of the outside center's condition and I'm trying to time my move forward into that first box. Picture with the outside center. So and then from here in this build. I'm already seeing where I'm going to set up that first picture it's going to be right here. So I'm thinking about pushing through my piece partner and rotating. So that inside needs going down. So I'm going to make that box picture happen. Now at this point I'm thinking about letting the tail go through so that at this point I can go. I want to go in a straight line to to where I'm finishing here. I don't want to go I don't want to go this direction around. So it's again pushing through putting that inside knee down pushing through to go in a straight line to the close. There. For tail. On the build he's very aware of putting his knee his hip close to the outside center's hip so that it's nice and nice and close here. And then his initial move he's putting that inside knee down and he's squeezing. And then he's sliding in this way. To make that first box picture on that line. And then now he can he sees where the compressed picture is going to happen is going to happen right here. He's doing that again with pushing into the piece partner a little forward. And now at this point he can see where he's going to finish this knee is going to finish right here. With the with the point so he's thinking about letting letting this group step. Move down that line still pushing through his piece partner still inside knee down but letting it go along that line. And then once he stopped then he can head switch. Some keys to success for block 16. This is another great one to creep and really practice seeing all those pictures along the way. And seeing that the pieces are coordinated timing wise. If if one piece gets to the the box picture or the second compressed picture early then usually then that makes the other piece have to go around more and then we get off angle or one piece ends up rotating more than the other. So a lot of is about timing timing those pictures along the way. We can creep this with no grips. It's really helpful to it shows exactly what your move is what each person's move is. That skill on the back of spinning that compressed forward pushing into your piece partner with that inside knee down. And on the outside being patient and pushing in instead of going around is another another thing to think about. All right questions on block 16. Yes one question. Okay Sean. So yeah I'll answer that question now. What how to start how to start training slot switchers. The first time when we do these blocks I would just do. I would just do that block and one or two randoms and practice it. Just you know without without having to worry about. Other blocks and doing things in a and B slot and you can even. If you're going to practice blocks together you can practice two of the slot switches together. So you're practicing just one one slot on each block each time. So for example you could do block three and block 10 together. So. So so that you're just focusing on one job in each block and then the next time do 10 three and then you and then you're switching. And then from there once you've got the technique down then you can start kind of adding in other blocks and stuff like that. We also once we once you're doing the open drawer the advanced draw and you're doing slot switchers that means now you're going to need to learn. Not only your slot but all of the blocks and randoms in the other slot. And the best way to do that is to just get in and fly in your B slot for an entire session you know not necessarily just in the slots which you just do a standard straight up dive but do it in your B slot and that gives you a lot of a lot of practice without having to also worry about slots which you yeah. Another question about slots which are specifically are slots which are by design or done because it's faster that way. I mean the reason you're not required to switch slots you absolutely could do this block and then fly around each other back to your A slot and then and then continue the dive that way and sometimes we swing out we call it because it is quicker in certain situations. So what we do it is because it is faster however. Now the when the design dives they know that you know they they are aware that certain blocks cause that to happen and so when they do change for example when they changed block 12 from zipper star it was a single slots which are in the front and they changed it to a single slots which are in the front. There's a little bit of a little bit of both but but it's not required that you switch slots you you you can score you'll score the same you'll score as well if you if you swing out is just not going to be faster. Alright so question about blocks 16 it seems that the inputs on blocks 16 are very minute correct yes and that's where I think doing this on the creepers really helps because it shows you how small a move it actually is. You could get on the creepers. And you do this with all the blocks and if you have a grid on the ground and creep just your position on the creepers for all the blocks like that's a good that's a good quarantine exercise for those of you that have creepers in your garage. And and I think you'll find that the moves are so much smaller than you realize once you start putting other people and levels and things in there. So you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and you can get a little bit of a move and