 Okay, this is block 17. And then block 17 like block five is a double slot switcher. So here's everybody in their other slots. All right. Okay, so the constraint on block 17 is very much the hopper, the person that's going over to the other side, they've got the longest move. That's the constraint. So we're trying to make their job as easy as possible and as short as possible. All right, the list, the build. So if this is the center of our star, the center of block 17 is right between the shoulder blades of outside center. And about there. And we're looking for a nice compressed, a nice deep compressed among these three. And especially, it's especially important, the back three here, the outside center, the tail and the inside center. So for the tail, thinking about your head being even with the, with the leg of the outside center, or if you're taller than your outside center, it might even be passed so that this grip. This grip for the inside center is nice is in front of them here. It's not back here on them. So it's nice and even like we've got a nice straight line through all of these grips right here is what we're looking for. Yeah. And then it's straight here. This build, I think similar to block 18 and block 11, in the build on any blocks important, but on a few of them, this one included the build really makes or breaks. This block. And so for inside center, the hopper, I would say wait until you've got a good build, pick up the grips late when you're ready to go. All right, so here's the build. This is a quick block. So like block fly block like block five, the first picture is the close here after we go. And we're aiming for, if we imagine this is the center right here between the outside center shoulder blades, we're aiming for the the close to happen 45 degrees off here with the center of it right right there. So the inside center's head is going to end up right here kind of by the elbow of the tail. The tail's going to end up on a line through here. The outside center is going to do there. So we're all just thinking about going to our place on that on that line. There we go right there. Yeah. So that's that's that's the picture and the close levels wise. Hopper's going over. I think a few things to think about are a compress, especially nice wide compressed here is naturally floaty. So for everybody in here, we're thinking about keeping it. And then also keeping it flat. So we talked about like when when things get pitchy and stuff, then I've got further to go. So notice how flat. Flat dog's body position is here as I'm going over and yeah for the for the hopper. I'm thinking about getting a ton of lift with my legs. You can see one leg, the other leg, some scared by Steve's like here, but it looks similar. I'm getting a ton of lift with my legs. And here I do have pitch because it actually is helpful for a bit of a of a like a belly carve if you're if you're into free flying. So I'm going up and notice that I'm leaving my legs on really long and then coming down and and these guys are also can come up a little bit at the close to help with the with the catch and then we move on. All right, what is each slot thinking. Okay, so for the point. In the build, I'm just thinking about that building that nice compressed. I'm aware of my hip. And then watching for the key, the keys coming from the from the inside center here. So as soon as the key happens, I'm helping to move this grip over this way and then placing myself on this line that we talked about. So I'm just moving that grip that that way and he's placing himself on that line thinking about getting his hand here for the inside for the hopper to catch before the hopper gets there. That's the point. The outside center. So I'm building for the outside center. I'm stepping forward into there thinking about placing the center point of whatever the formation was before right between my shoulder blades. I'm taking the point first and then the inside centers arm, but I'm doing this in a way that's not hindering the inside center. Remember the the constraint is the hopper. So we're making sure that the hopper feels comfortable and ready to hop. So I'm just pushing for this or pulling on this at all. I'm very aware of that. And I'm presenting this this left arm to the to the inside center as well. And then once the key comes, I'm thinking about stepping forward and rotating out to this 45 looking over my left shoulder as as I so I'm looking seeing the hopper over my right and then as soon as I'm there, I can head switch and look over my left shoulder. For the inside center or the hopper. So on the build, I think the biggest thing that an inside center can do is let this build before you start gripping up on it and just just let the in this case, I'm just letting the outside center step into here and once the grips are there, then I'm picking them up as I'm picking up those grips. I'm already loading up my legs and I want lift and forward. So if my legs are just straight out, but close, that's all forward and not as much lift. If they're really wide, it's more lift and less forward. So I've got them really wide to get a ton of lift. And then as I go, I can I can kind of manage how much how much forward versus how much lift I want. But you can see them get really wide. I'm getting a ton of lift there. And then here it's often often we see this compressed and we think we have to go all the way over into this area, but we don't remember because the piece is moving out of my way. My head just needs to go to right here. So the thing that helps me is I look at where I look at the tails elbow and I think I'm putting my eyes right there. Also notice how long I leave my legs on something I often see new new people doing when they first turn this block is I'll put input in and then they immediately take the take the legs off and then they end up dropping. So leaving that leg input on and that's that's just a solo skill of playing with how much how much leg input can I have and how much kind of control. So yeah, then I'm thinking about leaving my head right and ending up right to where where I saw it begin with. And I like catching we like catching both both the tail and the point. So that's the way we do it on rhythm, but, but I have had teammates that like taking and presenting to the point is really preference. All right. Then the tail. For the tail often we have to step forward or in this in this case kind of east on the screen to make the build happen and thinking about just really being aware of building a nice compressed here and then also notice I'm not super close to the outside center. As the tail I've left a lot of room in here and that also gives a lot of air like if you notice the inside centers traveling down this line that gives them a lot of air to be in when they hop so it's nicer if it's a little bit wider. All right, for the tail here I can also see right now I can see this line straight through here 45 degrees that I'm going to be looking at the looking at the point down so my initial move is a bit of a backup. Towards that line and then opening up and having my arm be be a target for the for the inside center and I'm staring down this line at the point. Okay. I'm just going to move on to the inside center. I'm going to move on to the inside center. I'm going to move on to the inside center. Okay. Especially inside center outside center and tail this picture being really nice and not having you know a lot of levels changing or or or or breathing. So that takes the tail stepping forward seeing seeing your head forward of this knee when you're tail and then tail and everybody going straight to where they're where they're where they're ending up on these 45 degree lines. For the inside center for the hopper a lot of it is you know this can be intimidating at first and then once you get it it's super easy and and so it's about being patient with yourself and believing that that it will feel easy, easy once you get it. All right questions on block 17. You have the icy vault and a slots. So in the a slots we have the inside center hopping over the outside center and then in B slots it would be the other way around when we exit we exit in B slots so the first block would be the tail jumping over. Gripstreet outside center I know there's different ways to do it is a really in advantage disadvantages there. Yes, so we've as a team over the years we've done this many different ways and it really is honestly it's all about it always comes down to what the hopper feels most comfortable with so right now we do it like this with taking with the outside center takes a grip on the on the. Point and then on the arm of the inside center but we have done it where the outside center just takes both wings and the inside center takes two arms on the on the outside center so nobody's touching the inside center only the inside center taking those groups and going. And really both ways are super fast there's no reason to one way or another except for whatever the hopper feels most comfortable with. Yeah that's it for that. As I see which grip do you pick up last on the build and do you use tail to get a start to hop over yeah so you'll watch me here. I pick up the my piece partner first and then and then the outside center or if they're at the same time that's great to and yes I'm absolutely pulling on that grip this grip right here. The inside centers grip on tail it only helps because the tails trying to get that way to and it helps me get get that way as well but I would point out so if I'm pulling. And I'm using body you know to go as soon as I'm pulling in my arm is getting below too much that could be detrimental to to my body flight as well so I try and pull only in this first you know. This first that first compression of my arm yeah.