 Okay, this is block 12. So, block 12 switches just the front piece again. It's a single slot switcher switching outside center and point. All right, so the constraint on block 12. So we've got the front piece spinning a compressed 540 and we've got the back piece. Excuse me, spinning a side body 360 degrees. So the constraint is really that front piece. They've got the bigger rotation and a little bit trickier with the compressed. However, once we get good at this, we can spin that compressed pretty fast. You'll see Steven Andrew, a really nice job of that. But the constraint is the front piece. So for the list, if we imagine a line from point to tail, we're building this right on that line. Straight through. Straight through here. Sorry. Sorry. Okay. So there's the build. We want the pieces to be tighter and then a little bit wider between the centers. So we're going to go right there. Okay. The first picture. So if we imagine there's a straight line from the point to the tail and now imagine a line perpendicular to that through the centers. Our first picture is going to be like a box. 45 degrees through through there. So the centers are kind of stepping forward. So we're going to go right there. Right there. We're seeing a box. Yeah. It's not quite. It's not quite 45, but it's it's along. It's through through here. Yeah. Like a box except the tail is in an inside is in a side body. Yeah. At this point. So now we've noticed that the front piece. The center point has traveled. So we've traveled to here. And now our goal is for for this piece to kind of just spin in place and finish. 360 degrees from where it is right now. So the inside center is is aiming to finish right here. And the tail is aiming to finish right there. So if I'm the tail at this point, I can look right here and see this is where I'm where I'm finishing. So there's that first picture. So the tail is going over to his spot. And then the front piece is just trying to spin in place in this quadrant in this quadrant up here. This northeast quadrant. And there's the close. And then the back piece is going over. And then the back piece is going over. So this is one block where we do have the back piece go over. It makes it easier for the inside center to see the to see the catch and and. Yeah. And help with the help with the clothes. I'll show you on level. So we already think about building a little bit of levels into the build. You can see that really nicely here. And also again, same same as we talked about on their blocks, but look how the levels are the same within the pieces. So the point is on level with the outside center lower than the inside center and the tail and and outside inside center on level with each other. Going up. You can see both me and Steve looking really long over that over our shoulders to see that box picture. Here's where the vertical happens is just the tail's legs over. And then now we're getting back on level to the close. Okay. What is each slot thinking. Okay. So for. For point. On the build. I'm thinking about. I'm really thinking about my hip and making sure my hip is. Is close to the inside center. So that I can contribute to this piece being nice and tight. And on that first move. So remember we talked about the that first picture there, the front piece is trying to get into like a box here. So it's almost a little bit of a like a backup and rotate the initial move for the point. Is everybody see that. So for the point, if I'm. If I'm seeing where that first picture is, I'm doing a little bit of a of a backwards. And and and turning. And we've talked about this. I'm talking about this with with. I actually with 21 and 19 and things like that. I'm he's thinking about pushing his knee is left knee down and into his piece partner, which I know sounds counter to the need put you input you didn't to try and turn. Instead of turning by rotating our hips away from each other. We're actually rotating this piece by compressing our hips into each other and then pushing our upper body in more than our lower body. But but we're putting that inside knee down. And then pushing the upper body in. And then that create that makes this piece get really small. And we know, you know, like anything like a ballerina or an ice skater when I take something and I make it smaller. It can it can it can spin a lot easier. And so that's what he's trying to do. So the point he's thinking about a little bit of a backup and a rotation putting that inside knee down and pushing in into this this first box picture. And then now we just wanted to spin in place. So so the both both pieces are thinking about just really pushing into my piece partner and staying. Staying in that compressed picture with them. So he's pushing in pushing in he's keeping that inside knee down. Rotating and then when he gets to this point he's doing the really late really mellow head switch. So notice he's he's now his head is almost straight. He's not he's not throwing his head which could then throw his hip away. And then he gets to this spot here where he's like 90 degrees from where he's where he's knows he's going to finish he's thinking about putting on the brakes and stopping. You can see him the legs coming in to kind of a backup stop. Right, that's the point. Outside center. Outside center to is thinking about this first box picture. So it's a little bit of a forward and and and a rotation. But notice that he's he wants he's he's doing it by pushing into his piece partner. So again, we're going to see his left knee go down. There we go. And as he's stepping forward and and contributing to this compression of this piece like they almost take all the daylight out between them. Yeah, and look how long he's looking over this right shoulder to make that box picture happen. Once he's made that box picture happen. He's doing a really mellow head switch thinking about not not letting his head switch take that have that need take his hip away. Notice too that he never really goes goes from looking over his right shoulder kind of looking straight. He never goes from right shoulder all the way to left shoulder which can which can throw that hip. Now at this point when he gets to this this spot where they're where they're kind of 90 degrees to where they're going to finish. He's again looking really long over this right shoulder and he's thinking about stopping. As the as the outside center, I think about stopping this this picture almost if I can almost short of of this line. So so if it and if it could end up a little bit this way that would be fine. And that just keeps it from getting getting too far going too far. And also it's usually closer to whatever I'm going to next. So for the back piece remember we are not the constraint. So our job is really staying close keeping our center point close and going straight to where the closes and being a good target for the front piece that is the constraint. So inside center I'm thinking about stepping into the build a little bit low a little bit wide with outside center. And then my first move. Sorry a little bit high not a little bit low a little bit high my first move is a little bit up and a little bit forward and honestly I find it's. I go as small as I can and then I try and go smaller than that. It's a it's a really small move out to here, especially because you've got all that momentum stepping in there and usually that's enough to just get you get you into this box picture that plus the help that the tails putting on it. I'm looking long over this right shoulder here in this box box picture. And then now I recognize that I'm finishing as I'm looking I'm going to I'm aiming to finish right here. So I'm doing everything I can to kind of keep you know or we think about the center point of the piece needs to end up over here. So everything I can to keep the the piece squeezing north here. So it's a little bit of a backup. It's a really mellow head switch and then also now you can see my left my left knee going down so that I'm pushing into my piece partner. And returning to the spot where we we agree we close. I'm doing a little bit of levels at the very beginning and then as soon as I feel the tail crossing I'm coming back down and helping the levels. For the tail. So in the build I feel like as tail I'm already looking at where I'm going to finish my center point is going to finish here so that the inside center can finish here and the front piece can finish here right. And I want to go there in a straight line. So basically I just need once the once the inside center is out of my way once the once the inside center is out of my way that I can go on a straight line there. So the first move is a little bit of pushing sliding left to help you can see his left knees going down to help the inside center get over there. And also to avoid this my center point creeping over into this area right so I'm helping the inside center get out of the way and then now it's just going in a in a straight line to where I'm where I'm aiming to close. Once I get there I'm thinking about stopping anchoring really hard with that left knee and helping assist helping assist with levels and assist the inside center back in. Keys to success I think a nice small build within the piece partners and building levels flat within the pieces. Front piece squeezing into each other and just spinning in place not being tempted to go at the back piece or or or pull their hip away. This is a solo drill. It's the it's a forward carving drill. It's it's a little bit different though than doing it on your own totally you're you are you do have. There is there is something that gets added when we when we add that grip but I do think it's useful to practice this both without grips and with grips with your partners and and just takes a lot a lot of practice of working that move to get that piece spinning spinning quickly. And in under control. Also that idea of if in that compress is I'm thinking about squeezing in I'm doing that mostly with my inside knee down I'm not using a whole lot of outside leg out because if by doing that I'm at if I put my outside leg out that actually makes the piece bigger which is counter to that that compression that we're trying to do. When you practice this in two drills with your piece partner can we can I make that compression happen with only my inside knee going down and not actually using any outside leg out. Back piece keys to success just make for the inside center making that move as small as you can and looking really long over that right shoulder and contributing to the piece backing up. Questions on block 12. Okay, how do you decide whether to rotate the compressed forwards or backwards. If you're even allowed to rotate it backwards but but it's it's quicker it's quicker going forwards and and it's easier to cut off the cut off some some angle. It's very easy for the front end compressed to get totally out of control controlling it seems counter intuitive so yeah so and the thing that the thing that I found it makes it get out of control is when that hip gets away away from us and it's kind of like a catch a thing it's tail once once one person. Hip gets away then the other person you feel like you feel like the hips going away from you and the other person feels like you're taking their hip your hip away from them and you can and you can discuss it for hours over over beers and never come to an agreement on whose whose false it is but but I think the the way to control it is by pushing into each other and that's by putting that inside knee down and upper body pushing into each other you know and and not letting anything. And ties you to to take that hip away so the things that make you take the hip away are quick head switch trying to look too soon or too much trying to go at the back piece those can make you take take the hip away I think also we're a lot stronger i'm a lot stronger in here so if I pick up that grip and I hold it in here if I keep it here I have a lot more control over it as soon as I let it get stretched I don't have I can. I'm not a strong out out here so so and I know you know once it's out there there's nothing you can do about it but but committing to build it in in here and and and using your your your bicep to hold it in there is way easier than letting it get out there. Any other questions on block 12. There's a question from block 10 real quick that I'll get to I find 10 super weird and intimidating is it similar to six and that it starts as a hard block and becomes easy or just 10 always stay hard I think like I think all the blocks can be like that you know six 18 10 yeah I think I'm just practicing it a bunch. In the tunnel no grips just with your peace partners and everybody once everybody gets an idea of where they're going and they go just there it gets a lot easier.