 Here's block eight. We'll watch it first. Okay. So in block eight, the constraint is really that that back piece. Spitting the cat 360 is the the longest is what takes the most time. Yeah. And so we're just trying to facilitate that, keep the front piece close and we're going to close right where we right where we finished. So the build. The center of this piece is kind of right by the the shoulder of the of the inside center. The front piece is really stepping forward a lot that happens more in the tunnel. I think then in the then in the sky necessarily like on the tunnel, we're trying to put it in the center of the tunnel. But the outside center is thinking about placing their knee kind of right right next to the inside center. If we look at the outside center and and inside center are kind of parallel in this build and the point is a little bit more opened up with the hip and the tail is his head is directly behind the knee and you can be a little bit cheated off of off of the side. All right. So this is the build. The key is coming from the inside center. The first picture. So there's there's four pictures here in the first picture. When the back piece is a quarter of the way rotated, the front piece is also a quarter of the way. So in the front piece, they're switching places and they're switching places again. So notice, they're both halfway translated and halfway rotated into the into the other person's spot. And on the back were halfway. We're kind of rotated 90 degrees and leaving the center point kind of on this line. So if we notice we see this everybody's parallel and and lined up the center points all kind of line up along here. Notice everybody's looking at each other. So this is the first picture. At the halfway, we're seeing like a monopod picture. The front piece can almost take, take grips on the tail. The tail is staying their side of the line and the insects are still looking over that left shoulder and straight with the tail. There's that monopod picture. Then there's a three quarters picture. So the the front pieces now on their way back to switching places back to where they started. So they're halfway across halfway rotated. When the back piece is three quarters of the way there, we're all kind of parallel again. And then we're finishing where we started no further. The key on the bottom comes from the inside center. Levels wise, it's all flat. Everybody's staying on level. Okay, so what is each person thinking about? All right, I'll talk about the front piece first. All right, the outside center is thinking about building with his knee kind of behind the head of the the outside or so the inside center and parallel. On the first move, the outside center is switching places with the point. So he's leading with his hip a little bit of that right knee down and rotating. So he's putting his head. His head's going to end up right here as he switches places with the point, but he's thinking about driving with that knee. So as he's going, he's sight sliding with that right knee. And once he's halfway, then now he's he's continuing to rotate and switching places with the with the point. Yeah. In the second move now, he's continuing to drive through his knee, allowing the point to kind of get across and in front of him and then driving that knee, staying hip to hip with the point. I've got some pauses in here staying hip to hip with the point and finishing his knee right where where it started. I'm the point. I'm thinking about building forward of the inside center's head and look how his head is forward of the outside center's head. That gives him already a clear shot as he's starting to move this way. He's already got clear space to do that. In the first move, the point is thinking about going forward and leaving his hip close to outside center's hip. I often in that in either spot, think about like imagine that their hips are are attached by a rope and they can't get too far away. Like you're going to keep your hip close. Because he's stepping forward, keeping his hip close, not opening his hip up. And then once the outside center's out of his way, he can rotate and put his head right right here where the outside center notice how close they are and how hip to hip. On the second move, now the point is going to think about going this way to finish right where he started. And he's looking at the inside center, but he's not going to cross over into this line. His momentum is going this way. So as he's going across and looking long over that right shoulder to guarantee that leg into the inside center's hand for the same reason we talked about on the six. All right, let's talk about the back piece. So as the inside center, I'm letting tell us doing most of the driving, but I am I am very involved in this move. And I'm thinking about that we want this piece to spin around the center point of the piece about right here. So I'm doing what I can to make that happen. My first move, I'm opening up to a 90 degree kind of pivoting around a center point right between my knees. So I'm thinking about just opening up, fading out a lot like the the outside center on the on the start of the four. I'm fading out to this point. And I'm but I'm not stopping here. I'm going to let myself continue fading to the halfway point here. Notice I'm still looking over the left shoulder. At this point, I'm thinking about putting pressure back on the piece so that I can I can start like my momentum is come all the way out here. So I need momentum to shift and start moving moving back this way. So I'm thinking about pushing back. And once I feel the tail pulling pulling back, I'm pushing back. And I'm also having a very laid head switch and catching the clothes for the tail. For the tail. I'm thinking about building cheated, but with my head behind the knee, not letting my head get over here on the side. And then as the inside center opens up, I'm going. I'm trying to get my knees right to this line where the grip started on. So he's going in a straight line to put his knees there. He's pushing through the piece. Look how nice and small and compress the piece stays as he does that because his center point is going in a straight line there. It's not going around. So he's going and he's putting his knees right on that line. Look how he's looking really long over that left shoulder to guarantee his knees are on that line. Only once he's guaranteed that now he's going to do a very mellow head switch. At this point in the tail, I'm thinking about anchoring and pulling that inside center back. And then once that inside center is back, I can I can continue my rotation around. I'm placing the inside center to stop. Once I've once I've made this happen, then I can start to think about bringing my hip around the corner to to wherever I'm going next. Okay. That's what each person is thinking about. Some some keys to success. In the front, I think that tip about really thinking about where your hip is and leaving your hip close to your partner. So if you're the point, as you go thinking about going going forward, and realize I'm mirrored here, going forward and leaving your hip side next to the outside center and as the outside center, getting your hip up, keeping your hip next to the points hip. For the back, a lot of times it's about the head switch. So as the inside center looking long over that left shoulder and pushing back before I commit to a very late head switch. For the tail, looking long over that right shoulder and putting my legs right on that center point and pulling back either with my head over this left shoulder or in a neutral position before I start head switching. Another thing that helps me in tail is is I see where I'm going to place the inside center before the head switch. So as I as the inside center steps out and the tail puts his knees there, I'm looking over the shoulder and I can see my knees are where I'm going to place the inside center. So I'm seeing that now before I head switch rather than trying to head switch and then look and try and figure out where to put the inside center. I'm seeing, pulling them back and then head switch and just just they're just confirming what I've already seen before the head switch. I see how do I do this well? This is a tough one for me. Yeah, so some some some drills you can do solo drills in the tunnel. I like to do what's called a I call a by pull card. So learn what does it take to fly to fly yourself in an out facing position around a center point between your knees. And the way that I do that is I'll take a pull up cord. You might see some of them on the on level view of this video. I'll take a pull up card and tie it around one of the intersections of the tunnel and then when I get in there solo time, I'll put that pull up cord right between my knees. So this this is the pull cord and these are my these are my knees and I'll try and orbit around that center point. And that's pretty much what I'm doing in block eight in the first move. I'm opening up and leaving that center point right between my knees and and I'm continuing to come around and back to the beginning. You can also then do this with another person directly behind you but without grip. So do the same move and try and leave that center point the pull up cord right between your knees and right between that your your tails hands but try and stay straight with each other the whole time. The short answer probably Sean is just try and do less and try and be mellow or with the head switch. Another thing that can come into place if if there's levels within the piece as the inside center if I step out and allow myself to get off level with the tail then I can also start pulling them around this guy. As tail do I aid I see to open up. Um yes I think that I do get I do get some assist from Doug on the on the opening up but it's but it's more of a like guide and I wouldn't want a tail to do it at their own detriment. So if you're doing it and it's causing your hip to start orbiting around instead of your center point to go in a straight line then I then I wouldn't do I wouldn't do that. Um I see grips on the clothes catch right and then left yes or ideally they're going to be at the same time uh to add on to the two prior questions inside or outside grips as ideal. So I think I said this but but it's one outside one inside on the tail as I see I've been told I give too much input yes I think that's a common uh a common thing that all inside centers go through. What should I focus on to make sure I don't spin our piece too fast? So I think it's seeing um an awareness of seeing the tail as well that that drill I just talked about about that that bipolar curve drill like if you can actually make the move not move the center point of the piece that's what's between your two knees that's going to be huge uh for the tail like a lot of times we do too much we're pulling the center point away. So that's number one and then number two how you can get ahead is if you get ahead in rotation. So watching the tail and not rotating out of the way ahead of them kind of going with them and guiding yeah um okay point shoulders stay considerably in front of the outside center shoulders is that critical for the hips together yeah we find that by keeping keeping the upper body a little bit forward that gives room for the for the other person to get get their hip um to get their hip around uh it leaves a door open it's definitely helpful another thing we find helpful in the front is keeping that grip up in front of us not letting it get back here behind us.