 Okay, here we have block four. We'll watch it and then we'll talk about the pictures. So. Block four, similar to block two are constraint. We've got the outside center and the point are together right now. They are going to be a part and come back together. So really the shorter we can the less distance we can put between them, the less distance we have to make up. Now, of course, we got to give some distance so that the tail and inside center can get out of the way, but that's that's what we're playing with. How little can we do so that the outside center and or inside center and tail can get out of the way so that we can get the outside center and point back together. That's our constraint. On this block, the build. So from an M similar to random A for the outside center and the tail and the inside center, the center of block four is right on the outside center's knee. And he's placing himself kind of on this on this line between point and tail. Yeah. Tail is setting himself up directly behind and in this case, a little bit shifted to the right of the outside center. And the inside center is is perpendicular to the outside center. Sometimes you'll see me. I might even have my hip a little bit this side, but we want to be perpendicular or slightly slightly less than perpendicular. And then the point, if we look at we almost have like a like three three people of a four-way donut up here. So the point is kind of setting up a donut picture with the with the inside center, placing his knee kind of right in front of the the outside center's nose. That's the build. The key is going to be the outside center. So how does he know that this grip is done? The back is going to guarantee that. So usually it's the tail will take this left grip once this is done, but it could be it could be either one. So the key is going to come from the outside center. And the first picture we're looking for the outside center to open up a little bit to a 90, but leaving his knees kind of right on this this line here through through the through the spine of the piece there. So as he opens up there to the 90 and then the inside center is looking to get into a compressed picture with the outside center in that in that picture. So here's this first picture we're looking at it almost looks like a cat with a compressed on the on the top. So the outside center has stepped out, but look, notice how his knees have not gone off of this line, right? That's that distance from the outside center to the point that we're trying to trying to minimize the inside center has gone and put put her knee right next to the ear of the outside center. And then the tail is going is going in a straight line. He was here. He's going in a straight line over to here. Basically we just need to now get out get the tail out of the wave of the outside center. So the outside center can return to the point. So we've got the outside center and the and the point here is the furthest away. We're just trying to get him back together as soon as we can. The once the tail has has passed through. Now in order to get the outside center to go in a straight line, we want that this center point, the center point to go in a straight line back to here. So that's going to make we want the knees of the outside center to kind of to go into this space here so we can go in a straight line back to the point instead of going going around. So notice how his knees, see how his knees go up into this this space here and that allows it to go straight back. And the outside center and the point are agreeing to meet right where the inside center started right about here. Okay. And then the key on the bottom is the is the outside center. Here we'll talk about levels again like block two. We're thinking about being flat within the piece. The point can if the point gets his head in in between the outside center or between the inside center and the tail, it doesn't need to go under. We've been going under sometimes in smaller tunnels, but it's not really necessary. So what is the person thinking about? Okay, is the outside center. I'm thinking about placing myself in the center on the build. And then as I'm stepping out, I'm looking really long over this right shoulder and setting up this first, letting myself step out onto this first picture. Notice it's not, it's not a super aggressive move. Like he's allowing the inside center to get into that compressed picture with him on that 90 degree line. And then on the return before he had switches, he's thinking about pushing back and pushing his knees back into this into this hole we talked about before he had switches and looks for those grips. If we had switch early, then we tend to rotate around our lower body and that's what can cause the piece to orbit all the way around instead of having that outside center make a nice straight line back. All right, what is the point thinking about first in the build, just building that donut picture with the inside center. On the first move in this first picture, we're talking about here, he's got his head in this space, there's this big space in between the inside center and the tail in this first picture when we've got this compressed. And that's when the point is aiming to get his head in there. That's most of the rotation has already happened now. You know, he's really only got like 100 degrees left to go maybe a little more. And he's also looking so this right here is where the inside center finished. So as he's watching the outside center, he's agreeing to put his knee right here at this point. So he's really done most of the work now. He's done pretty much all the translation and now he's just going to keep rotating. So as he continues, he's looking to have a like a side body with the legs of tail at this point, once the tail flicks through. And then now he's just seeing and putting his knee right onto the spot that we've agreed to right there as the outside center needs in there. The inside center. I'm thinking about I see this line through here. And as the outside center is stepping out, I'm thinking about taking my knee, taking my right knee and placing it right next to the shoulder, the ear of the outside center kind of in that compressed over there. So I do that with a forward drive and a little bit of that right knee down to get myself into that compressed picture. Another thing I think about is like keeping this grip in front of me. If I get enough forward with rotation, that'll keep that grip in front of me. Yeah. And then once I'm here, now it's all about returning the outside center to the to the point. So I'm looking at the point and I'm aware of okay, here's this here's this spot where I'm trying to put the outside center back on the point. And I'm thinking about helping to guide these knees back into this hole so that so that the outside center can make just a straight line back to the point at that top for the tail. For the tail, he's thinking about being straight behind in the build. And he's letting letting it open up as as it's as this we're going to this first picture, the outside center and the inside center, he's putting pressure this way, this way on the piece, thinking about going forward again. We just need to get the tail out of the way so that the so that the outside center can return to the point. So he's putting pressure in, keeping this piece really small in here. And as soon as that door opens up, he's going across and crossing crossing over to the other side so we can return the outside center. Once he's here, just like the inside center, his job is to help guide these knees into that hole so that the outside center can return. A lot of times, tails will ask me how far do I go? You go far enough so that you can help guide the outside center's legs into that hole, but not any further. Look how tight he is here. He hasn't gone any further than he needs to to make that space for the outside kind of at the and he's doing that. You can see he's really looking at where everybody's looking at this, this spot where the outside center and the point is some some keys to success on block four. In the piece, sometimes we get levels. So as an outside center, I'm stepping out and I'm aware of the back and I'm not letting myself sink or get below, below them. And as an inside center and tail, as I put that power on with my legs, I'm not letting that give me lift. I'm going to keep arched and keep on level with the outside center so that that piece stays nice and flat. For the point, the common thing is sometimes if we go too far, then we have to turn around and go back and that usually causes it to not catch. I'd rather go too short and have to make up a little bit of translation at the end. That's way easier to deal with than going too far. And so I think the cause of the trick for the point is just really seeing where you're going to finish in the start and and getting your head in at this halfway picture and then just going to that spot where you're going to finish with block four. Are there any questions about block four? For the OC move, initial move on the four is the fade out more with the upper body or put in some side side input as well. So it's mostly the upper body that's moving because remember, we're kind of leaving the knees right on that line. But I think about side side with the upper body, a little bit of fade out with the upper body and leaving my knees on the line. And it's definitely like your use of the word fade out. It's not an aggressive move. I'm not leaving the inside center behind. I'm fading out into that into that. And question from Sean Healy, is there one member of the piece who is driving it or is it everyone? I mean, everybody has their part, but certainly I think the outside center has that first initial move with the inside center. And then the back is really guiding the outside center is doing a lot of the moving out of the way and guiding it back in. But the outside center is also very involved in that. I think it's very much all three. And it could be if one person does too much, then the other two are having to deal with it. When is OC supposed to head switch? So the outside center, they step out onto that onto that 90 degree line. The point is still looking over the right shoulder at the point. And then they're thinking about they'll feel the the inside center and tail start to pull them back into that hole and they'll start to back up into that hole. And only after you're starting to get your legs backing up into that hole and then if you go to head switch, it's very late. Realizing that anytime we start head switching before we start translating, a head switch will just immediately start rotating. And we don't want when the when the outside center is in is at this this place right here. We don't want him to just rotate rotate right here. We want him to start backing up. So we need to keep keep looking or either looking or being mellow with our hand. So until we can get that that momentum backing up and and the hips going up into into that hole. So it's very late. I guess this is a short answer. Levels. Does the point go above tail's legs? So we don't need to take levels. But if we do, the point is actually going to go below the tail. So realize though at the beginning, the point wants if his if his legs are going to be presentable for the outside center, that's going to put him a little bit above the outside center in order for his legs to be at the eye level of the outside center. Now if he's going to go below the tail, then he's got to come back up and get back above the outside center. So if we're adding levels, we're we're adding a lot of level travel for the for the point. So that's not necessary. It just adds adds more distance that we have to make up, you know, in the tunnels. Sometimes especially 14 foot tunnels, it becomes necessary, but but but but but but but but. How do you shut down all that momentum? So this is a great question. And I think there's kind of a more general answer. And this is why we want. We want to keep things small and have rotation to closes. That that's so much better than having a big sweeping translation into a close. So in this case, when the outside center is pushing back at that halfway point and getting all of that backwards happening and then once they're there, then they finish the rotation. There's not a ton of translational momentum to deal with. And that's what makes it easier to get out of. If instead the outside center is sweeping all the way around and having all this translation into the close, then then we have a lot to deal with close. So so I think the answer to that is trying to make it more rotational at the very end makes it much easier to get out of. Other things that can make the momentum tough is if we have levels. So if the if the back is lifting up on the outside center, he's not going to have a lot of control with his legs. So that makes it tough to shut down. Another thing that can make the momentum tough is if is if either person the outside center or the point go to somewhere other than what we've agreed to finish. So if we agree, we're going to finish right where the inside center's waist was. And if nobody goes any further than that, and we all just stop right there, it's super easy. As soon as the point decides they're going to go a little bit further because they can or the outside center is going to go a little bit further to try and get to the point, then we've got this crash that we have to deal with. The point is never more than 90 degrees. Yeah. Is that I mean basically that's the total necessity, right? Yeah. Plan on that 90 degree point of meeting. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's as far as we go. And it makes it it's the if you think about the the outside center and the point together, that that gives them the minimum amount of travel to get back together.