 Okay, so here is block 19. We're going to watch it first. All right. So, um, the constraint here, uh, similar to a lot of the other blocks we talked about, we've got the outside center and inside center start together and they have to finish together. So, keeping them as close as possible is going to, uh, is going to make the block faster. It reduces distance, reduces time. Also, spinning a side body 360 on the back piece is the, is the slower of the two piece moves. So that also is, is our constraint is getting that inside center back around. All right. So, talking about the list, the build, it builds a lot like, uh, random piece side body, um, for the outside center inside center and tail. And then the point is thinking about being in a, in a half star with the inside center and his head slightly inside of the outside center. So that's the build. Um, also is, it's a small thing, but, but I do think about it in, in inside center, I think about being just, just a hair forward of, of directly on that side body. All right. So, uh, that's the build. The key is coming from the inside center, but just like a lot of the other blocks where, where we've got moves happening. I'm, I'm keying it in inside center, but in the center and outside center are, are moving together in that first move. They're coordinating that first move together and making the first picture together. So in that first picture is going to be, um, if we imagine that this line, we imagine this line right here straight down the, the spine of the inside center and to the outside center center point and perpendicular to, uh, to where the two are here. So we're going to set a picture where the outside center could kind of take a side body on the, on the inside center. And it can need to be on that line or it can be slightly south is fine, but we just don't want it north of that line. So, we're going to set that picture here. See where the outside center and inside center, we're, we're, we're staring each other down and setting up a side body picture, but one, one body apart. And this is the point where we're going to see a body over body cross, um, tail going over, uh, over point this time. This is one of very few blocks where the back piece is going over. Uh, watch how the center point, the center point of this piece is going to travel down this line to right here and the center point of this piece is going to travel down this line to right here to make that that side body picture happen. Yeah, yeah, we're a little bit further. Yeah. So that's the first, that's the cross. And then as soon as it crosses now for the back piece, that's all the translation that's going to happen at this point. Now the back piece wants to just continue rotating. And if we think about this back piece now rotating in place, which would be kind of like, maybe around around this around dogs. Shoulder right now, um, that's going to place the inside center right here on the, on the center, uh, to finish where that where the outside center is going to finish. So for the back piece, um, it's rotating in place for the front piece, um, we're thinking about, about, about anchoring and, and, and. We're holding this here and watching for a side by side picture right here. So, um, so again, the, the front piece has traveled the center point all the way to here and they're waiting and seeing this side by side picture, um, with outside center and inside center. And at this point now, the back piece is going to continue just rotating in place and the front piece is going to place the outside center's legs right there on the center for the inside center. Okay. The, uh, the key on the bottom is, uh, is the inside center. It's pretty quick because there's just that one, uh, just that one catch. And then as far as levels. Good look at it here. We'll see the front piece is going to go, uh, the front piece is going to go down and that back piece is going to go up just a little bit. But notice how close they are. It's not a ton of levels. The other thing I want to point out here with these levels is notice how within the pieces, they're flat. Um, and that's really important. We'll talk about that later in the keys to success. There we go. And then, and then notice they're back on level here at this side by side picture so that by the time they close everything's on level. Okay. So what is each slot thinking about, um, for the center, my first move, I'm thinking about stepping out and making that picture happen with the opposite center. Again, you can see this, um, the, for the, for the inside center. I am helping the, the translation of the piece a little bit to my, to my right. But I'm only doing enough that the, that I'm not leaving the tail behind. Yeah. Um, the outside center is thinking about backing up like taking that center point. Remember we talked about this center point of this piece traveling down that line. So that's between my hands if I'm the outside center. So I'm thinking about taking that piece that center point and backing it up and, and placing it on that line that I started on staring straight at the inside center. Yeah. All right. So here for the outside center. I'll talk about the outside center specifically now. For the outside center, I'm going to stop here and I'm waiting, keeping myself. This side of this line, waiting and seeing this side body, this side by side, and then guaranteeing my knees right onto the center. And then only once I've seen where the inside center is going to finish. And for a beginner team, that might mean you actually wait for the inside center to stop and then guarantee your legs in. It's your responsibility is outside center and the point to, to, uh, to guarantee those legs into the inside center's hands so that they're not having to go after you. So for the point in my first move. So just like on the on the 13th, and the first move, the point can see where he's trying to get to. He's trying to get to over here. So his first move is kind of along a line through the shoulder of my piece partner. It's not a common misconception is it's not over here at the tail. Like yes, I'm looking at the tail, but, but I'm going over to here to where I need to end up for the, for the piece to finish. The piece is finishing along a line through through here. You know that the point's going to end up eventually over here. So he's, his initial move is going over into this spot and then he's going to kind of open up. So the points initial move is forward. You can see all that forward pressure. He's putting, he's, he's going through this shoulder right here. Forward a little bit down, but only as much down as the outside center has gone. And he's stopping right over here. And once he gets over there, he's going to put that inside knee down and stop really hard. And then here he's contributing to the side by side and contributing. Look at look at the pressure. He's putting to keep this piece really small. We've already talked about why that's really nice and important. He's putting pressure in on that piece and helping to kind of feed the outside center on to the, on to the inside center on the finish. Yeah. Right. The inside center. We talked a little bit about the first move already. So I'm, I'm, I'm working with the outside center to make this picture happen at the beginning. And now I'm looking really long in at the tail. And in fact, like something I would tell a beginner team as I would say the inside center look at this shoulder right here and you look at the look at the outside center pass that shoulder. And then once you can't see the outside center anymore, just look straight at your shoulder the whole time. And that's going to keep you looking in really, really long. I'm still looking in still looking in still looking in and even for beginner team right now I would have them continue to look in right now and head switch even later than I am here. Because as soon as we had switch what happens is we start to take our shoulder away at the very moment that the tail wants to stop you. So I'm looking in really long and just as we said it's the outside center's job to put those those legs in your hand. So I'm just trusting that that's going to happen and and and and And putting those hands out there and and letting the outside center place them in my in my hands. Yeah. I could also in an inside center help with the levels a little bit. I'm going to go up just a bit with the inside with the tail not too much and thinking about just staying flat with the tail the whole time. And then at the end thinking about arching and helping it come back down for the tail. So my first move, you know, if we if we imagine you know that first picture where the out where the outside center and inside center are in that side body picture. The tail and the and the point are going to be going to have a body over body cross right here. So as the tail I'm thinking about kind of putting my knees almost like right where that right where this outside center's hand on the on the inside center's hand on the outside center is I'm thinking about taking this knee and placing it right there. And so that's that's the extent of the translation for the inside for the tail and now at this point for tail I'm just thinking about spinning the piece and spinning that inside center back on to the onto the clothes. All right. All right. Some keys to success here are thinking about the wings going through their piece partners to talk about this a little bit with the point but you know we really could see the point going this way through his partner not this way. And same for the tail he's going his his momentum is going through the inside center shoulders through his partner that creates that compression in the piece which makes them all the reasons why we want the pieces to compress now we talked about already. Another another thing that that comes up a lot is just keeping that inside center looking looking in and contributing to keep in the side body looking like a side body with the tail the whole time. A light head switch yep and then levels within the piece so I think on all blocks it's important, but especially this one if we think about it's really important that the pieces stay flat with each other. So all of them what could happen is if if the point gets much lower than the outside center it's actually going to we're going to have the piece kind of pitched the opposite way of which way we want to go and then that's going to usually tends to take the at the center point the opposite direction of what we want to go. So this piece between the the front piece it's going down it needs to be flat so that we can we can get that center point traveling down that line so the point even though you're going under you can only go down as much as what the outside center gives you otherwise it's going to be hard to get your to get yourself moving down that line. And then for the back piece as well it's important that it's flat right here and and we don't let sometimes if it's a tail puts puts puts those legs on that gives us a lot of lift or if the inside center doesn't give enough levels and we have pitch in this piece now where the where the tail is higher than the inside center that's going to drive the piece away at this point so in this picture it would be going away from us in the screen and then that's going to take the center points away from each other and we're going to have big distances and block isn't going to be. Close so this block I mean every block is this way but but this is a good example of why it's really important that that the pieces have are on level within the piece as we move now. Alright so that's that's it'll take questions on block 19. 19 what is the back piece go up in this case yes so this is all about the clothes it's much easier for the inside center has is coming around blind and picking up picking up those legs it's much easier if it's if it was coming from from above you can imagine it'd be really hard a lot harder to see so that's why we do it that way. You slot switch 19 often yes we do both both 19 and four will often take what we call a short 19 or short four and basically at the close. So right now I get rid of a lot of his drawings that I've done right now you can see the the point is really far away from the from the inside. It's the inside center and the inside center and outside center almost you know like they've almost switch places so sometimes yes we'll leave we'll leave the point kind of over here a bit and then we'll just switch the front the front we use it a lot of for especially for going to a slot switcher but we will actually intent we will take a switcher for that shorter 19 so when is that a good idea. When you're a slot in your b slots are are the same is is when you would actually want to take it you know even if even if it puts you in a slot switcher that you wouldn't normally be in for a team that would you would I what I suggest a newer team use it to get out of slot switching yeah I would but I would make sure that you practiced it practice it before. Some some tips there so when the point is thinking about kind of staying over to the side you just want to make sure that that he's doing it without without slowing down that last move without restricting the outside center getting back to the inside center. Yeah. As I see where is most my lift coming from to help the back piece go up I tend to go up too much so I think some of it can come from like when we key naturally that kind of and and and and that reaction I see that causing a lot of lift you know so I think thinking about key but staying but staying small and keeping that pressure in also if you key and immediately pull away that creates that causes the arms to be in the back. So I think to do this on the tail and that creates lift as well so that that can that can do it I think also you know maybe just don't think about going up at all you know and and then if the tail starts to complain then you can add a little bit back in but sometimes I don't I don't I find that I don't have to think about much and it just happens the the levels happen on their own. When the icy closes it looks like the grips are outside left inside right does this help stop the rotation of Oc yeah I mean those are just the first grips that present themselves and that's why I'm taking those. Generally like if you imagine what's happening next like if if we aren't slot switching the outside center is generally going to have to come this way so I don't want to stop him too much you know if we were slot switching then I would I would actually I would hang onto those grips and and help move him. Back up this way but generally I'm just kind of taking those grips and king and letting him continue moving. Grip pattern on the front half so yeah they're taking if you look they're taking. They're taking the rights. The right hand only and they like this because it makes it like when we sometimes when we take double grips it causes it sometimes makes the pieces more rigid than they need to be. So if we just and then it's also easier to just throw your left hand up take the right also the with with this grip plan the outside center can kind of take that grip on the point and help guide guide that that point down the line in that first move. Why not have I see drive left knee into tail to compress the piece like in one so yes I am so the difference between this and one is that it's a backwards car instead of a forwards car so actually that that that need down is is the correct need for the rotation that I want as well so so you will see I am putting my left knee down and that's actually doing both it's it's both. So there you go there you can see this this knee down it's both causing pressure in on the piece and it's rotating my lower body the correct the correct direction. Great.