 Here's block seven and we'll just watch it in slow mo first. Okay. So now talking about the list. So and everything here in this in this app, it all starts on the same axis. So if you imagine, you know, from north screen to south of your screen or from the red, the red guy center point to the yellow guy center point, that's our long axis and that'll correspond with the long axis on all of the, all the diagrams. So the build of block seven. As we go to the build. We're looking for, you notice how like the that that line from point center point to tail center point is still north to south. So we've all kind of rotated but leaving that long axis there and the inside center and outside center are kind of set of almost like they could take a side body on the wings. So like blue could take a side body on red almost or just a little bit shifted closer like maybe maybe in the armpit, you know, to side body region and and and green is also like you could take a side body on on yellow. The, the point and tail are building very square side bodies. So like if I drew a line through tails spine. It would, it would be exactly perpendicular with inside center and it would line up exactly with inside center center points there. You see what I'm drawing here. Yeah. Cool. So all right. So this is the build. Okay. That's that's number one on the list. The second thing is going to be the key and the key is going to come from point and tail from red and yellow. They're going to look and see that each other's on and they're going to let go at the same time. See them do this here. Almost at the same time there. So there's the key from point and tail. So the first picture is going to be a stair step picture. So as we all start turning. Right to about there. So see how that almost looks like a like a stair step picture, maybe a little bit offset, you know, between the centers, you know, but, but we've got. And so there's a lot of different things that we're going to do here and inside center of kind of parallel point tail or looking are straight facing each other and the and the four in this this stair step picture. A lot of times people talk about collying the those seven and yes, that's absolutely what we're doing. And we're making that happen by making this first picture happen. See how. If we make this first picture happen now. So that that that these knees aren't colliding with with this head right here. So that kind of makes this. We look at this point and like this point down here is really nice and close and see how that's just going to making this this first picture. It's all going to just call. Going to call nicely. So there's the first picture. And then if we. If we keep going. And you can see how that makes a really nice cog happen. Yep. And that's really, you know, when we talk up a lot of times when we coach turns, we talk a lot about the first 90 or the first picture. And that's why I think on block seven that first picture is really the big one that we look at. And then after that, we're really just thinking about putting in place and I'll talk about that a little bit later. But as we come back around, we're kind of at this point right before the close. We also have another kind of stair step picture happening right here. And notice the outside center and inside center are going to are going to be looking at each other right now. And they're working on setting up setting up the picture of the clothes, which is going to be just like the picture of the of the of the build like like the. You know, a side body picture through here. Yep, and through here. And they're setting that up. And again, the wings are setting up are going to be perpendicular to their centers. And then the key on the clothes is coming from the wings as well. So they're going to see that it's finished and they're going to key it and move on to the next point. As far as levels goes, there's there's no levels. This is all on level. We, it's also another reason why it's really important to be looking for that first picture. Usually like that, that's where we kind of make sure that we're all turning turning on level and. Yeah. So a few things about what what each person is thinking. So you're back here. So point and tail for the build. You're looking across at your partner at your cross partner, but you're also aware of of setting up perpendicular with the wings. So you're just setting this picture up. I think it's really helpful to be looking across early because you have the key. Seeing that the point is going to be on before they get there is going to allow you to key more simultaneously and more quickly. You know, when we talk about wanting to go faster on this block, if I, if I just, I'm just focused on my grips and take the grips and then I look up and see if the points there. One, I'm not going to really be set up right and two, it's going to be a lot later and more less simultaneous of a key. So instead, I want to, I want to be I'm looking across and setting up that angle kind of like giving a side body with the, with tail outside center of point inside center. And seeing the point and we're both getting on grips at the same time and off grips at the same time. We can tell you what's moving and really just focusing on that picture. So just seeing turning and looking straight across at my. This guy looking straight across at the. Here and seeing just out of the corner of my eye that I'm setting up this, this stair step picture, but we're, we're, we're setting this up straight and seeing the stair step picture out of the corner of my eye. Once I've done that, then I can just focus on a nice on center turn. A mellow head switch and then as I come back around, yes, looking at the grips as I see them, but then, but then as soon as I can. At this point of the close, starting to starting to again pick up. Pick up that opposite center and finish the turn so that I see that we're both on grips at the same time and key at the opposite, at the opposite way. Alright, so then for the, for the two centers for outside center and inside center, let me get rid of my. Okay, so for outside center and inside center on the build again i'm thinking about. Rotating and setting up that side body with the. With the wing here and here. On the key i'm turning right away i'm i'm i am seeing that stair step picture with all four, but it's mostly with the other center like the wings are ultimately responsible for them, calling i'm setting up this as I turn i'm seeing the stair step inside center and outside center seeing this parallel picture right here with each other. And then as once i've made that happen at the same pace as the other center i'm going to continue my turn of a nice mellow head switch keep a nice straight spine and then as soon as I come back around i'm picking up the opposite center and finishing the turn and setting up that picture in the close. For the centers it's very much a two way we're trying to make that starting picture 360 ending picture yeah seeing that that stair step along the way. With some tips around block seven usually issues with block seven come from a couple places not turning in place as a big one and so people ask a lot of questions about what do I you know, how do I turn in place. We can do a lot of practicing turning in place and and drills in the tunnel and I recommend that highly but then sometimes when we get into turning block seven other other things come in and the main thing is usually it happens around the head switch. That we sometimes press our spine or get out of place so i think the biggest thing that you can do to make sure you turn in place is see that first picture and really think about nice straight spine and a very mellow head switch. So how do I show how do I show my. My screen do you see me see my okay okay how do I how do you see me. Okay but I want to show me is the big. Okay now you can see me okay so so as i'm turning. I want to think about initiating my turn and when I when I think about my head. Usually head switches can throw us off if we if we make them really big and really. Exaggerated so if I can keep my shoulder square my spine straight and just turn just a little bit i'm going to be able to see all I need to see we think about that that for center. I've got i'm starting in that that picture at the beginning and as I initiate that turn I can turn my head just a little bit to see that first stair step picture and then I can be pretty mellow with my head just seeing everything the rest of the formation out of the corner of my eye as I keep turning. And and and keeping a straight spine. We'll watch this again you can see my screen again. So. So as i'm turning i'm seeing this picture just a little bit out of the corner of my eye i'm not turning my head all the way to the side and then as I go i'm thinking about just at this point where i'm looking out my head if you look at me my head is is straight you know i'm keeping my arms out in front. Another thing that helps us turn turn in place is not is is actively keeping your elbows out in front not letting not letting one elbow come back and and and twist but keeping things out out in front yeah. Another thing that I often remind teams on about block seven is is is is is is. Okay if we want if we want the seven to the quickest seven we can do is going to build the same time key at the same time turn at the same time and then finish at the same time and the only way that that's going to happen is as centers if we set the pace at the same time. So that's going to happen is if we're actively looking at each other and turning at the same time yeah so and then for the wings that means i'm the only way i'm going to key it at the same time is if i'm looking across at the wing of my other wing if i'm tail and looking at point looking at tail i'm looking at him and i'm. Seeing it build at the same time i'm seeing us pick up grips at the same time and then we know we can let go at the same time that's that's the easiest way to coordinate keying at the same time is. is agreeing to pick up grips at the same time and seeing the other person as you're picking up grips not picking up grips and then looking across and then and then trying to key simultaneously becomes becomes tricky so another. tip I would say again for the centers it's about setting up at the same picture and turning at the same pace by looking at each other and making the turn happen at the same time and for the wings it's about agreeing to pick up grips and key at the same time again by looking at each other and. Alright, so that's everything on block seven do have any questions on block seven. i'm just going to add. You. I don't find a. You build here you want to hear. Now. It. Can you hear me now. Okay cool. So the one other thought I have for myself as a center is if we start to turn right right at this point at the point at which i've done my 270 me is green and blue as inside center. It's very easy to start thinking about my partner so much that my head stops in place and my hips and my legs will then turn about my head and it's I cease to do a center point turn so it's at this point that I want to. I want to. I want to. You know keep from focusing too much on the wing and continue to focus on my other center and make that finishing picture with the other center and if I do that i'll continue an on center turn. If I focus too much on the wing i'll go towards my wing and the finish won't be good especially in the sky if I lose track of the other center that's when we drift apart from each other. That's all. Okay. Any questions. Look. So this is bill i've got one in terms of. Okay so. Will the videos be available later for later review yes they will we talked about that alternative setup yeah i'll talk about the other p7. And. Any notes on keeping the formation close or reacting to expansion so the biggest thing i would say about keeping the formation close is is looking and seeing that picture. I find like if I if I make the build close and as a wing if I really think about getting my head in on that first on the the stair to picture that keeps things close as well as as as a center. I'm opening i'm also just thinking about keeping my center point close to the other other center center point after that it's it's. It's about it's about an in place turn you know. Another question as a wing do you ever try to stag the center as the block finishes yes absolutely so that's a great question if as as as a as a wing as i'm coming around. I'm going to share my screen again. As i'm coming around if everything's going well and we see this this is kind of this stair step picture right here right before the close also notice like look how close this grip is to this grip it kind of just lines right up. With it you know and same here you see how this it's almost like that that arm is being put in that hand and i'm. And yes like if we've done everything right that's going to that's going to happen and as as a wing if that if that grip is right there i'm going to pick it up along the way but i'm going to continue continue rotating and as a center if I see that happening i'm going to continue to kind of. Feed that along the way but but still my priority is finishing my turn and setting up so I don't ever want to be at this point chasing this grip or. stopping anything or you know or or or my priority is everything we talked about turning on center and setting up the close and picking up grips at the same time but if we've done it well. It will it should come out on on grips. At the close there yeah. See another question. Okay. Yeah so the question is the same looking is great for accomplished teams but we work with rookies in the doors and it seems easier to tell them get grips as wings and look to the other when both eye contact. Key thoughts with the winners so the question is is that idea of like looking across and picking up at the same time. Good for beginners and and yeah I you know I I um I do coach beginners that I coach them to set up first. And then they can you know then if they need to look out and look at look at their grip again but if I've set up first then I know the other guy is doing this at the same time to. I think it's I think it's a good habit to start giving newer jumpers that it's not I'm not really ever focused on my grips i'm always just focused on on setting up yeah. So there was another question about alternate block seven and we do i'll share my screen here. We do have what we call a p seven and i'll show you that and talk a little bit about it. So here with the p seven so the the benefit of a p seven is sometimes the build is quicker to this seven than the standard seven we call it a p seven because from a p to this seven it's going to be a lot quicker and you'll see exactly why here. So here's the build of a p seven so if you're coming from a p this would be this would be very quick. What I tell people about you know whether we should have this in our continuity or not if we think about this versus a regular seven you're saving at most a 90 degree turn. Which doesn't take a lot of time. So now if you think about okay the benefit of saving yourself possibly a 90 degree turn possibly when this block might come up which is you know the standard seven that we use comes up more often than this seven so it's not going to come up very often but when it does it saves you a 90 degree turn so what's the cost the cost is training this block it's a little bit trickier because it's a little bit more blind. And so one is it might not be as fast on its own and then two of your training this then it's that's time that you could be training something else that definitely will come up say block 18 or or other blocks that sometimes take a little bit more time so I would say unless you're unless you're training a lot. I would question whether it's a good use of your time but it's fun to do it's fun to do every once in a while just to throw in there and see it i'll talk very quickly about about this I want to keep going to I see that time is is is is moving on so okay so the build here the setup is it's it's a little bit of an offset for between the centers like my like I'm lining up almost to At the inside center is lining up almost at the like tricep you know somewhere between the armpit and the elbow of the outside center so it's not quite a pure side body it's a little bit shifted forward and that's that's to allow the outside center to see the tail a little bit more the tricky part here is that the outside center has to see like the outside center and tailor king this now. And it's hard sometimes for the outside center to see that and to have to then turn be looking over his right shoulder and then have to turn to turn left. So this is a setup of the build the point is very much setting up off of the inside center just like a P you know like a like a stair step picture. And then outside center and tail are also parallel. Here there's a diamond pictures well just like the. Just like the stair step picture we see that everybody sees that and that is what makes this cog happen what makes this. What makes this elbow get ahead of this knee this elbow ahead of this knee yep. And then as we go you can see how for for for point and outside center this is a very it's a very blind move and that's that's the challenge of this block. And then as we finish same ideas we're just finishing the picture the same as we did the start. And yeah. You