 Okay, so here's block nine. So first, the build, wherever we're coming from, if we imagine a line, in this case, kind of from the, from the grips between outside center and point to the grip between tail and inside center, if we draw a line through there, that's the line that everybody is going to set up on. We're going to build this nine. We're all setting up, if I'm in the back piece, I'm setting up perpendicular to that line, and if I'm the front piece, I'm setting up parallel to that line and I'm putting my grips right on that line. So that's the build. The key is going to be from the two in faces are going to look at each other and go at the same time, an alternate version of this is to just have the in faceer on the front on the top piece, the outside center in this point in this case. But basically this, this guy's looking and this guy's looking and seeing all these grips are complete and then they're going to key by letting go at the same time. So here we go key happens. There's an inter picture that's kind of like a satellite, is everybody see that where the outside center and point are almost like they could take grips and then we almost have like side bodies everybody's done about half of their 180 so we're all done about a 90 degrees and there's like a satellite pictures think up there. And then at the close, the idea on the closes were all placing ourselves on that line as well parallel with the line for the front piece and perpendicular with the line for the back piece. Yeah. So sometimes on the front if if the there's there's two options for the front, we can either build it really wide and just stay flat or we can have the point goes slightly the points head goes slightly over the outside centers head as they cross either is okay. Yeah. So that's the list, what is each person thinking about so. For the for the point i'm basically thinking about this line and thinking about placing my hip right on that line and putting my hip on that line before. This hip on the line before I pick up this grip. Yeah for the outside center similarly i'm firing right onto this line and seeing that my knee is on this line before I pick up this grip and watching we're also as i'm doing this both outside center point are really watching the back piece and seeing the back piece. There's also you can imagine there's also kind of a bipolar picture here between point and and tail that that he's looking at or for for for outside center and and inside center there's a bipolar picture there or almost like outside center could take a side body on tail we're all setting up all this perpendicular and and all on this line yeah. For the back piece for for tail what i'm thinking about is i'm as i'm rotating i'm seeing that line and then putting myself perpendicular on that line and and placing putting my hands right on that line trusting the inside center is going to place their knees right on that line. As i'm inside center i'm thinking about turning out turning out perpendicular or almost like I could give a side body to the points legs and putting my knees right on that line for the for the tail. And then in the turn i'm continuing we're all continuing to look across and see that that satellite picture it's the same for everybody. And then on the clothes same thing on the front so for the point and outside center really being aware of placing their knee on that line before they pick up that grip. For inside center and tail again thinking about lining up perpendicular to that line perpendicular to the front piece and placing my legs on that line i'm not going to back over that line i'm not going to go forward over that line i'm going to i'm going to put my grips with my hands or my legs right on that line. i'm thinking about things that that we often have to remind ourselves about the nine I think the biggest things are just an awareness of that line and everybody agreeing to go just to that line and no further. Where we get in trouble is when we start to try and help each other or try and kind of feed my leg over the line or or or or I myself go off the line. Another thing that I started to reach for the grips before I've placed myself on that line, especially in the front that can come up a lot yeah. Another thing that is very common on nine it's a very fast fast block it also is very susceptible to getting busted. And it gets busted mostly when. The pieces aren't looking at each other and if i'm just on the front of i'm just looking and picking up that grip and then I key it and then I realized the back. pieces not even built so how do we felt how we fix that we fix that by looking across the whole time and picking up grips at the same time yeah. If I if I commit to on the on the front whether on the front of the back. I commit to say i'm on the back looking across and picking up those grips as I see the front piece pick up those grips I can't get busted at that point if we're all picking up grips at the same time it's all going to get key to the same time yeah. Any questions about block nine. yeah. What kind of. What kind of cat grip plan does the back piece dude do they cheat at all so i think about you know sometimes you see it's cheated a little bit like when i'm in there i'm trying to think about building straight as soon as I start to try and cheat too much on the back it can be reaching for the for the other guy and it also can kind of put it off the line so i'm thinking about setting up as straight as I can on the back yeah. Any other questions alternate on the nine so the one I showed had outside center and tail in facing first. But we can do we can do any. Any combination of of one piece in facing first and the other piece in fancy first so you could do a nine with with the. Point in facing first and the tail in facing first or the point in facing first and the and the inside center in facing first all of the mechanics work the same is just whether it's just which one which one you do first but both pieces do not have to. Do the same thing you could have you could have one you have the back piece facing tail in first and the front piece opposite or you could have the back piece facing tail out first and the front piece the the other way to. yeah and basically just depends on on what we're coming from or what we're going to that we that we might use we might use that. So for the. I see okay so I usually take. Inside of the inside leg and or sorry outside of the inside leg and inside of the outside leg so. So you know screen. So. This grip is the outside grip and this grip is the inside grip and then as it turns. I'm going to take. So here i'm taking both but I would probably if I was if you if I was. What I would want to take would be the inside here or so the outside grip here and the inside group here. Other questions. So for the front piece when do you typically introduce levels how important do you think they are so I mean i've been. I've been on teams that use levels and teams that don't use levels Steve and I when we were both in the front piece there was a period of time that we did it in a period time that we didn't do it. I think. And the next question doesn't matter the front builds the. Oh that's separate okay so. Basically I think it has a lot to do sometimes it has to do with the. So if you have a size of the of the two people if they're equally sized and they can build it with a nice wide grip and just fire and goes fast as the can without having levels and that's easy that's that's great. But if we're starting to feel like i'm having to avoid then I would then I would say let's try adding a little bit of levels and so how am I going to do that I think about just if i'm the person going over the point i'm thinking about just building just a. I'm just trying to find the build and the outside center just just a little bit a little bit low and then I said go i'm thinking about outside center keeping my head low and point keeping my head high a little bit but I think if. If we can build it wide and just turn and and not worry about it and we're not feeling like we're getting hit like that might be the best way to go I wouldn't introduce levels if we aren't if we don't need to. And then next question was does it matter if the front builds the comp deep or shallow so we we try to aim for a nice nice deep even even build on the on that front if it's really shallow. Then it can then it can end up making the so if we imagine the build if the outside center is shallow that's going to put their head further away and the tails legs closer in so then the clothes the outside center could end up further away and I think if we have a nice even compressed it'll make it easier to keep everything small. Yep. So, I think we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look at the bottom of the building and we're going to have a nice deep look