 Okay, so here we are block six. We'll watch it first. Okay. So the constraint on block six. So this technique we are taking verticals and we're basically switching places. So the constraint is just switching the outside center and inside center and switching the point and tail and trying to keep it as small as those distances as small as possible. Yeah. So our close six is going to finish exactly 180 from where we started. And so we want to just make those those moves as small as possible. Alright, so here we go. The build pretty straightforward from an M. We're just turning the point 90 degrees. We look we have we have a pretty square square picture here and point is perpendicular to the tail. Alright, the key is coming from the outside center and inside center together. Alright, and on the key our first picture is right here, the outside center and inside center are going to switch places and go straight at each other. And notice that their center points are are on the line that they started on right there. Yeah, and then we've kind of got like a Donatee-ish type picture within the pieces the pieces have maintained their relationship with each other. So the outside center and point started out parallel with each other, the tail and the inside center started out perpendicular with each other, which each other and they are that way here. We notice to that. So we watch the grips. So if we watch this grip. Right here is going to travel along this line and stop right there. This grip is going to travel along this line and stop right there. Into our first picture. Yeah. So here's our first picture. Also notice that the the tails center point has stayed on his line and the points are pointed state on their line are can be a little bit into into this side. We don't want it to get too far over into into there on the second move. Now the. The tail and the point are going to switch places. And finish exactly where the other one was. Again, that. This. This grip now. Is going to travel along this line to here and this grip is going to travel along this line to right here. Okay. All right. So with levels. It's tough to see from this angle, but we're building a little bit of levels into the into the piece the outside the inside center starts just a little bit below the outside center. And as the pieces go there you can see it a little bit as the pieces go the back pieces going under. But staying flat with each other and the front pieces going over but notice how they're staying flat with each other. Also notice how close this is it's not much levels at all. And then on the second move again, the pieces as they go are staying flat with each other and coming from piece coming down together and back piece coming up just a little bit together. It's mostly the front piece that's taking taking the levels. But we try and do do both but but but the but it's easier for the front to go up a little bit. All right, the key on the bottom is the outside center and inside center together. That's the list. What is each slot thinking about. So if I'm a center outside center and the inside center on this build I'm thinking about building and keying together and making my first move together. So because we're switching places. It becomes really important that the key. So that includes that first move and that the first move happens together. If we imagine that outside center got a head start on the inside center and got there before the inside center moved out of the way. He's either going to end up on top of the inside center or you might go too far to avoid ending up on top of the center. So the key and that first move needs to be really simultaneous so that outside center and inside center are looking at each other. So moving together at the same time it's like a dance. That also building that little bit of levels helps them both move at the same time. So as they both the center see each other and agree they're moving at the same time. So they're coordinating crossing the center point at the same time. And they're seeing and stopping where the other person was. So at this point for the center. I'm thinking about leaving my center point where it is and just rotating in place to make that happen. It's really hard though not to go around. So to do that I almost you can see us me really digging in with my knee here or Steve really digging in with his knee here. That's helping me stop and helping me. Guide this grip down this line in order for me to rotate just around my center point or guide this grip down this line so that he can rotate. To the close to see how we're just rotating and finishing on that line looking straight at each other. All right for the point and tail. We'll talk about the point first. So for the point the first move. So I'm thinking about taking. And helping to take this grip and move it this way. A lot of times I'm sure people have talked about that initial moving a backup for the point. And really the whole point is we just we just need to get this grip moving down this center point. The point just rotates in place and doesn't allow the script to go that way the outside center is never going to be able to get over there. So how much backup it's just enough to start to get this grip traveling down that line for the point. So I'm just moving on thinking about a little bit of a backwards input. You can see his his feet coming on his butt a little bit and he's he's helping to get this grip traveling down that line and rotating with the outside center as the outside center rotates so maintaining that relationship. Once he's there and he's seen that the the two centers have crossed the point is looking at the tail and agreeing just like the first with the outside center and the inside center. And the point tail have to switch places at the same time. Otherwise they will end up in each other's other space. So they're looking and they're agreeing and they're moving at the same time. As the point goes across he's looking long over his right shoulder and seeing this knee travel in front of the inside center's head and finish in this hand right here. And then the tail. So on the first move for the tail. So on the first move for the tail. He's thinking about taking this grip and moving it along this along this line. So for me when I'm a tail that to me feels like a little bit of a left side slide and rotate. So that I don't let my center point come over into this area just like the point if I if I just rotate around this grip. And then the inside center can never get over to the other side. So he's thinking about a little bit of pressure. You can see this knee coming down a little bit of pressure left to help push this grip onto this onto this corner here. And as that happens he's rotating and maintaining a relationship with the inside center. And then once you get to this halfway point. A green with the point and going at the same time so that they're crossing the center at the exact same time so that when he gets to the where the point was he can stop and he's presenting this hand to the to the outside center. That's what they're all thinking about some. Some thoughts on block six. If we if we have different levels within the piece, then we often can't. Can't move on our own accord. So for example, if if as the outside center is going up, it's the if the point doesn't also go up with the outside center. And then we get a ton of pitch in the piece. And then that starts to to move the piece. So I think one thing to be really, really aware of is seeing that the pieces stay on level within the piece. The other thing that happens all the time on six is we go too far. So I think the best thing for this is to walk it and you can even do this in your own home without anybody else, but just stand. Stand up and imagine the if you're say the inside center, look at the outside center is an imagine yourself going just to there and no further. And then just rotating in place. Or if I'm a tale, I'm going to rotate in place. And then I see where the point is that I'm going to go just to there and no further. I feel like I almost just I have to decide where I'm going to stop before I even start going and commit to making it just a really small move. Another thing that sometimes happens if the inside center is getting hit in the head with the point that often comes from meeting the point to back up a little bit more in the beginning or make sure that I'm opening that grip, bring that grip backwards so that I can leave my knees in front of the inside center's head. And then just like I'm going to do something like, you know, in that second move as I'm going really see as you're going across see yourself leaving your knees in front of the inside center's head. The other thing this allows you to do is to get back on level sooner because all you're doing at that point, then is going over the tail, you're not going over the inside center. So once you've crossed over the tail, you can get back on level and get and get in front of the inside, staying in front of the inside center right in front of the inside center. And then the center one thing that I found that helps me is when I'm when I'm creating that target, I put my hand out in front of me instead of back here where where I'm afraid it's going to hit I'm going to put it out in front of me and that gives a point a good target in front of my face to put their leg. Right questions about block six. How do you convince a new point to not go too far. So really the biggest thing I do is just just walk this and creep this a lot and you can really show people how. How short it is right. So when we creep it, you can creep the first move without one of the centers like take take outside center out and just creep going from the build to the first picture a few times and then swap let the outside center back in and take the inside center out and then from that second picture. Make them make the move on to creepers first without the point that next without the tail and show them how how short it is. Another thing that often really makes the point go too far is if if as the outside center crosses if the outside center starts coming down too early and the point has feels like they have to go up over. Then we create a ton of pitch in the piece and then that slingshots the point across so the outside center can do a lot by keeping levels with the point and keeping small levels of point and the outside center that also makes it a lot easier. Yep. Is it possible to take a look at six flat for the weekend teams yes i'll do that after answer all the questions but thank you for the reminder. When does point hits head switch at the end after the catch has happened so and the reason for that and we're talking about this on a two is that as soon as I head switch that tends to make my hips go the opposite way. And so if if the inside center starting to catch and you head switch right at the moment they're trying to take your leg and it goes it's going to cause the hip to go out out of out of the reach of the inside center. Any other questions on six and i'll look at then i'll look at the flat ones. What's the best way to creep this block so the way i do it is i build six so i guess there's two different purposes if you were just creeping it to do the dive we often don't creep the six we kind of swish swish it if i want to creep it to practice the block. I think there's a great drill to do so i'll put everybody on the creepers and and if we have lines on the on the creeper pad that's great put everybody on these these axes lines and then. First just go from build to first picture build to first picture. Yeah, and you can do that without one of the centers because you can't creep over somebody so you know take three the point tail and one of the centers and do build the first picture build the first picture until you're getting that that picture perfect and you can even do it without taking grips. And then switch and put the other center into the same thing, then once you've gotten that second picture now take one of the wings out. And do the same thing second picture to close second picture to close until everybody's moving exactly where they want to without grips into into the spot and the other the other wing back in so they get it. That's that's a really great creeping drill and I feel like when I do that with teams that a lot of oh it's so much shorter than I thought it's so much easier than I thought yeah. This book is intimidating to newbies any special instructions when teaching this new so I'll show you the on level one and the other other thing that that I think the biggest mistake that people make is if we because we're switching places if we don't go at the same time we end up on top of each other because if you and I are switching places and I go to your spot before you leave we're going to be in the same place at the same time and that's what gets scary right when we're when we're on. When we're when we're on top of each other or I'm going to go too far or all those things so how do we go at the same time we look and we keep looking and we keep looking and it's not just about king and then and then going it's i'm king and i'm going and i'm reading that other person and i'm going at the same pace if they're going a little bit slower than I thought i'm going to slow down they're going a little bit faster than I thought i'm going to try and speed up but we're coordinating together even on rhythm when we're going you know 25 26 average we are looking at each other. We are looking at each other and guaranteeing we're moving at the same pace and adjusting the future that's the biggest thing and I think that's takes a lot of looking and. And some great ideas about some 3D creepers okay i'm going to look at the flat sixes. Okay the build is the same. Now the first move here we'll just watch it first time. Okay so the intent is very similar. The build is the same that we talked about the key is the same outside center are going to key at the same time and now just instead of going over each other. Instead of going over each other outside center and inside center are going to go past slide past each other and then once their knees clear they're going to rotate and try and kind of. Back up a little bit on to this line with each other and they don't get quite so far so it rotates a little bit more you know so now we've got kind of a line through through here instead of instead of through here yeah. So that's the first move but notice to how we we really have like a bigger don't any picture just like the just like the vertical sixes we talked about. Now on the second move we need. Tail and point to get past each other so we're going to have tail fold in like a side to be side by side with the inside center. And then squeeze backwards past the point the points going forward past the outside center still looking really long over this right shoulder to guide this knee into the inside centers like. And then watch it again and then we'll see it on level. Here's on level. They're just squeezing past each other. Opening up. Past each other and guaranteeing that close yeah. Okay. Yeah. I have a question about six. Would you teach newbies flat and then transition to vertical once they have the idea or start them vertical you know it really depends I think. If if most teams I think we'll do them with verticals if I feel like the team feels comfortable with with verticals i'll give it a try to start. But if it's but if it's tough then then I would I would just switch to flat the other thing to I like about this specific flat technique is that it's similar enough to the vertical technique that if if we master this it's pretty easy to transition to the vertical. So it's going over each other instead of going past each other.