 Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So block 21. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then we'll go to the next slide. But generally teams have been moving more and more towards more rotation, than just pure translation. Yeah. All right. So the list, the build. We're building kind of for our for our partners. So I'm thinking about as a center kind of putting putting myself on a line so that point and tail. So the center is building very square with each other. And the point and tail are building square. Or a little bit with their hips outside is fine. But they don't want to be. They don't want to be in. In here. Now. All right. So that's the build. The key. So the key is the same thing as we've heard on a lot of other blocks. The key is coming from the outside and inside center together. And they're making that first move together at the same time and symmetrical. So Kyle, that same drill that we talk about on 13. Steven, I have spent a lot of time doing that. Just the two of us here. Making that key. And then the first step out together. So if we imagine this. So there's this line through. And then the center of spines. And imagine a line perpendicular to that. I'm thinking about stepping forward and placing my side right along that line. And then my. My inside knee is going to is going to cross just over that line. And then kind of when we're. You know, 45 degrees off of off of. Where we started or I guess 90 plus 45 degrees off where we started. And then we have two reverse side bodies here. And the wings are again really tight and close up on their on their centers. And in staying inside body pictures. The cross is happening with the centers in a donut picture. Right on that line that they that they started on. Right. So they started. And then we had that line that was right between right between us. That's where I'm putting that donut on. And the scent and the wings are crossing. Kind of body over body or from like chest down over chest down. Front piece over over back piece. Right. And as soon as the wings cross. We're seeing a like a block seven picture here. And stopping right here. And then now we're going to think about rotation to the close. And then we're getting out the key at the bottom comes from the centers. Together. The levels very classic just like just like we talked about on a lot of other blocks. The front pieces going over the back pieces going under. We're keeping levels the same within the pieces. You can get a. We can get a look at it here. So really close. And then back on level before the clothes happens. Okay. So what is each piece. What is each person thinking about? All right. So if I'm a wing. I'm thinking about a nice square build. And then I'm thinking about there's a there's this as the wings as the centers are stepping out. I'm thinking about staying in a. In a side body picture with them. There's also a like a marquee picture right here too that we look at. So as a wing. I'm looking straight down this line right here. Yeah. And then as they step out. Here. So I can see where I'm where I'm going to. And so for the for the tail. I'm going to end up over here. And for the point I'm going to end up over here. So I'm going through my piece partner in a straight line to that spot where I'm ending up. So pushing through the piece. And that that's what allows that that body over body cross. I'm not going at the other wing. I'm going at the spot where I'm stopping right here. Yeah. And then once I get there. I'm digging that inside knee down, digging this inside knee down. And contributing to fixing the levels and rotating the centers back in. On to place in between again on this line between between me and the point for me in the tail. Right as a center. What am I thinking about. I'm thinking about building symmetrical. King symmetrically and making my move symmetrically. So looking really long over over that shoulder. You can see Steve here looking really long of the shoulder me looking really long over that shoulder. Like we're making this. There's this this first kind of compressed picture. And then this picture and then this bipolar picture. We're making those happen symmetrically and together at the same time. And the only way we're doing that is by looking at each other and practicing it a lot together. And you know, if if he's going a little slower, I'm going to slow down. If I'm going a little faster, he's going to speed up. That's the way we make that happen. Yeah. Once once we've crossed. Now this this inside knee. Is going down and pushing through my piece partner. So the same idea that we talked about on like one. And then making this rotation happen by pushing sides lighting in through my piece partner and pushing in more with my upper body than my lower body, but my lower body is definitely pushing in that inside knee is going down. You can really see it on me here. This needs going down as I'm pushing. Pushing in through. Through here. At this point. For the center. I'm thinking about again, continuing my rotation. Pushing through my piece partner, not going at the other center. So that I don't take my hip away from my piece partner. I'm thinking about just making that rotation happen. Pushing through my piece partner and letting the outside wings. Help with the with the squeezing and putting us back together. I'm also contributing to levels, so going down a little bit at the beginning and then helping come back up and be back on level before the close. So I'm going to do some key to success. So that center step out. One of the biggest things I see is the centers stepping out and going too far. How do we stop doing this? We look really hard. We make our move really small. You can practice it on the creepers and really see how small that move is. You can practice it in the tunnel with no grips. You can practice it in a two way, just with the other center. So I think that's the first move that I'm going to do is to do a small, small, that is. And I think too, once the center start thinking about that constraint that that the closer I can stay to the other center, the shorter the distance, the faster the block time, that's really motivating to get you to to shorten that up a bit. So, so yeah, so it's that that first move, keeping it small and trying to do it as small as you can and staying as close as possible to that other center. Keeping the shape of that of that. That side body. If I let my partner get ahead, then I don't have a lot of control and I'm just kind of going for going along for the ride. So rotating, not letting my hip go around, but rotating and staying rotated with my with my partner, seeing that the trick to not going around is seeing that. This picture along this line right here, you know, and, and then, and then staying in that side body picture with my with my partner as I'm going to my spot over here for the point over here for the tail. Yeah, so, and then, and then for the wings also not going too far so that we don't, we don't drive the pieces apart and then have a ton of distance to make up at the end. Okay, questions on block 21. Okay, I learned block 21 is one of the first blocks and easier block would you consider it not one of the easier blocks. Yeah, I think it's one of the easier blocks, especially one of the easier blocks where you're turning pieces, you know, I mean, obviously block like nine and seven and, but like any blocks, some of the ones that are easier are easy to do and then you can spend hours and hours and hundreds of hours, perfecting them and making faster. Some of the things that make block 21 trickier or doing it well trickier are that it requires the pieces to be symmetrical, which is requires everybody to look and move symmetrically and that can be a skill that can be tough for for newer teams. So one note for Steve, you know, so we talk about stopping harder or stopping, you know, trying to stop more as a center when it's stepping out and if that's not working for you, think about stopping earlier. Another thing you can think about doing is just not doing as much, you know, if you put less gas on you won't need to put as much break on. How much power are I see an OC adding on the rotation so I feel like once I've done that step out i'm all everything i'm doing on rotation is coming from squeezing in and helping with that compression of the piece so it's it's it's pushing in with that knee and yes, I am putting more of the upper body in but it's but it's definitely. It's definitely squeezing in on the piece. All right, the question is i've had coaches tell me to do a quicker head switch on 21 as a center similar to 13 thoughts so the. With 13 because the wing is not holding on to your hip if you do a quick head switch and it throws your hip away. It might make you go further and that's not good but it's not going to affect your piece partner as much as it will here so. Will you see teams doing a quicker head switch yes will you see us doing a quicker head switch sometimes yes on the 21 if you're doing a quicker head switch it can only happen if you can guarantee that it's not going to affect your hip. That you can do a head switch without it taking your hip away and that's a really tricky skill and something that we can do solo drills on thinking about stepping out and head switch but head switch while i'm while i'm putting that pressure on my knee back in. I don't know that it's really helpful or that necessary you know I think I would tell someone to head switch sooner if I feel like they're really. Holding their head so long that it's kind of blocking the piece but i don't see that a whole lot honestly. So yeah great well so that's like 21.